title,content,date_posted
CAFWCL: Edo Queens Lose 3-1 To TP Mazembe In Semi-finals,Edo Queens suffered a 3-1 defeat to DR Congo’s TP Mazembe in the first semi-finals of the CAF Women’s Champions League on Tuesday. It was a game Edo Queens would be kicking themselves after failing to hold on to their 1-0 lead as TP Mazembe scored in the 90th minute to send the game into extra-time. The Congolese then went on to score two more goals in extra-time to advance to the final. After a goalless first half Peace Essien broke the deadlock in the 65th minute to give Edo Queens the lead. Unfortunately the Nigerian champions could not hold on as TP Mazembe equalised thanks to Merveille Kanjinga. An own goal by Comfort Folorunsho in the 101st minute in extra-time put TP Mazembe 2-1 ahead. Then Marlene Kasaj added the third goal from the penalty spot in three minutes of added time in the first half of extra-time. Edo Queens will now take on either AS FAR of Morocco or Egypt’s FC Masar in the third-placed play-off on November 22. Edo Queens scored two goals in stoppage time against champions Mamelodi Sundowns to win 2-1 in their final Group B game.,2024-11-19
EXCLUSIVE: Sports Minister In Talks With Peseiro Over Super Eagles Return,"Sports Minister, John Enoh has held talks with former Super Eagles head coach, Jose Peseiro over a possible return to the team, reports Complete sports.com. Peseiro left the post in February following the expiration of his contract. The Portuguese led the Super Eagles to second position at the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations in Cote d’Ivoire. Completesports.com learnt from a reliable source in the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) that the sports minister has established contact with Peseiro’s representatives with both parties opened to the idea of the former Saudi Arabia and Venezuela gaffer returning to the post. ""It’s true that the sports minister is in talks with Peseiro over his possible return to the Super Eagles,"" revealed the source. ""The man is willing to return, let’s just wait and see what will happen at the end of the day."" The technical committee have reportedly shortlisted three coaches for the job. The sports minister disclosed recently that a new coach will be appointed for the Super Eagles in the next two weeks. The Super Eagles are scheduled to take on the Bafana Bafana of South Africa and Squirrels of Benin Republic in a 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifier in June.",2024-04-24
CAF Postpones WAFCON 2024 To 2025,"The 2024 African Women’s Cup of Nations has been postponed to 2025 by the Confederation of African Football (CAF). The competition will now run from July 5 to July 26 2025. CAF fixed the date at its virtual executive committee meeting on Friday. Africa’s football governing body took the decision following the congested calendar for the women’s football this year. Three African countries will participate in the women’s football event at the 2024 Olympic Games. There is the qualifiers for the CAF Women’s Champions League and the main tournament later this year. Multiple champions Super Falcons of Nigeria, current holders Banyana Banyana of South Africa and Ghana are among the countries that have already qualified for the biennial competition. Other are hosts Morocco, Zambia, Algeria, Botswana, Democratic Republic of Congo, Tunisia, Senegal, Tanzania, and Mali.",2024-06-21
Dortmund touché par un coup de blessure par hasard,"Le Borussia Dortmund a été touché par la nouvelle que Thorgan Hazard devrait passer plusieurs semaines sur la touche avec une blessure aux côtes. Le joueur de 26 ans a débuté les deux matches de Bundesliga de Dortmund jusqu'à présent cette saison, mais s'est blessé lors de la victoire 3-1 contre le FC Koln vendredi soir. Hazard a duré jusqu'à la 85e minute avant d'être remplacé et Dortmund a maintenant confirmé que le joueur était prêt pour un sort sur la touche avec la blessure. Ils n'ont pas été en mesure de donner une date précise pour son retour, mais ce sera des semaines plutôt que des mois et on espère qu'il sera de retour disponible après la pause internationale. Hazard sera la clé des plans de Lucien Favre cette saison alors qu'ils cherchent à renverser le Bayern Munich dans la course au titre de Bundesliga, et il espère le faire revenir dès que possible.",2019-08-27T15:22:02+00:00
"AFCON 2021: You’re Only Entitled To Match Bonuses, Not Salary –Pinnick Tells Eguavoen","President of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) Amaju Pinnick has disclosed that the Super Eagles interim coach, Austine Eguavoen will only be entitled to match bonuses and won’t be paid salary at the ongoing 2021 Africa Cup of Nations. Eguavoen was appointed on a short-term deal after the Nigeria Football Federation sacked Gernot Rohr in December. Rohr was Nigeria’s longest-serving manager after taking charge in August 2016 but had his contract terminated after leading the Eagles to the 2022 World Cup qualifying play-offs and sealing a spot at the Nations Cup in Cameroon. However, in an interview with Arise TV, Pinnick stated that due to his interim role with the Super Eagles, Eguavoen will only be settled based on match bonuses. “Eguavoen is on the payroll of the NFF and he won’t be entitled to salary for the role he is playing as an interim coach of the team,” Pinnick, a former Sports administrator in Delta State said this on Arise TV. “He will be entitled to the winning bonuses as the team progresses at the tournament.",2022-01-20
Odegbami: The Crash-Landing Of The Super Eagles,"On Tuesday March 29, 2022, the ‘plane’ taking the Super Eagles to Qatar 2022 crash-landed on the tarmac of the Moshood Abiola International Stadium, Abuja. It was both fatal and catastrophic in the wake of some tragic events following the crash. It will take a long, torturous and painful forensic investigation to unearth the full extent and implications of the events of that night. So, permit me to take a short-cut, cut out all the fine details, and look at a basic and most straightforward cause of this monumental catastrophe, for that’s what the encounter with the Black Stars of Ghana, last Tuesday, would turn out to be when the full costs to Nigeria are counted. To start with, and ironically too, the Super Eagles did not actually lose the match. They did not lose the first match in Kumasi either. In both matches, they did not play as if their lives depended on it, so they did not win. They were not psychologically primed enough. Except Osimhen, of course, this last Tuesday night in Abuja. These Black Stars were the worst I have seen of the Ghana national team since I have been watching or playing against them from the early 1970s to date. In Abuja, last Tuesday, they were simply lucky. The only single shot they took at the Nigerian goal throughout the 90 minutes duration of the match, a half chance from outside the box that should have been easily dealt with by any average goalkeeper slipped through his hands. That single shot produced their only goal. It must now rank amongst the luckiest goal in Ghana’s entire football history. After that, the match could have gone on for the next one year and the Ghanaians would not have scored a second goal. On the other hand, the Nigerian team also had only one clear chance at their goal, besides the ball that Osimhen scored but was eventually ruled offside by VAR. Otherwise, the only other ‘threat’ posed by the Nigerian team was the tireless but harmless running at the Ghanaian defense by Victor Osimhen. He was the thorn in flesh of the Black Stars’ defenders, keeping them busy with his pace and physicality and aerial contests. Kicking high balls upfront to him was the only system the Eagles played in the absence of players with holding, dribbling, passing and creative skills in the midfield players. The Nigerian players could not play with the physical tackles and close marking in the little space the Ghanaians gave them. Yes, that was. It was very simple and very effective tactic that was deployed by the Ghanaian technical team. It was the same old and recycled system of play adopted by Ghanaian national teams when playing against Nigerian national teams since the 1960s. It has worked well for them through the ages. The head-to-head count of the results of the encounters speak. However, whenever Nigeria assembled some exceptionally gifted and skillful mid-field players who could hold, dribble, pass and even shoot at goal, Ghana were usually in trouble. Ghanaian coaches know this. That knowledge is what usually gives them the self-belief and confidence that they can always handle Nigeria. This time the elements sided with them. Nigeria did not have the dreaded midfield players that would threaten them. They saw it in the Cameroon during AFCON 2021. They capitalized on it in Kumasi and Abuja. That’s why, when the two countries came out of Cameroon and saw they would be meeting each other for the two-legged qualifying matches, the Ghana High Commissioner to Nigeria, Ambassador Rashid Bawa, called me up that night and confidently boasted that notwithstanding Ghana’s weaker team, Nigerians would be making the greatest mistake if they took the Black Stars for granted. He said, unequivocally, that Ghana have Nigeria’s number. He was right as things have now turned out. Following my personal experiences playing a few times against the Black Stars, and checking through the statistics of previous meetings, he may be right. So, all Ghana needed to do last Tuesday was play cautiously according to the simple script and pray for a lucky goal. They played very aggressively, tried to get to every ball first, did not allow the Nigerian midfield to have time and space on the ball, allowed the Eagles to launch their high balls upfront as their only attacking option, and the Eagles were neutralized completely. The Nigerian team did not construct anything for 90 minutes. It is a simple system every Nigerian coach worth his salt should know. No other team plays Nigeria that same way. The records speak. The generation of Augustine Eguavoen, followed by the Jay Jay Okocha generation, with very skillful midfield players and forwards, rendered useless that style of play. During their era Nigeria started to have the upper hand and the Black Stars suffered some defeats. Since the end of that era, in the past 11 years, both teams have not met until this past week. The present generation of Nigerian players, especially all those that were honed in the tradition of European football, unfamiliar with the hardness of African football and the style of the Ghanaians, and with only three days of tutelage before the match, became easy prey. That’s what happened last week in the two matches. Anchoring their football roots to football in Europe where the pitches are excellent, and with plenty of space to play against more technical, rather than physical, defenders, would expose the incompleteness of foreign born and bred African players when they come to in Africa, unprepared to play the African way. A chunk of the Nigerian players were simply not complete enough in their training and experience of African football to be able to cope well with only a three-day training session before a crucial match such as the last qualifying match of the World Cup. Even if Nigeria had brought the best coach in the world to handle the same players, it would make little difference. Despite all that, with a little bit of luck, the Super Eagles could have scored a second goal last Tuesday and the story and reactions would have been completely different. No one would have seen all the deficiencies that have now filled the airwaves of since last Tuesday. Luck deserted the team. The irony is that these same set of Super Eagles players would have gone to the World Cup and played some majestic football. The spaces to play would be available against most teams and the physicality a lot less, two conditions that will enable them express their abilities much more than they could do playing in Africa, particularly against Ghana. At the end of the day, the stark reality is that the Super Eagles were not good enough last Tuesday night. They did not play well. They did not deserve to win. The Ghanaians were, indeed, worse in every department except team tactics and psychology. Most importantly, they had ‘Mother luck’ to thank for their trip to Qatar. Nigerians were frustrated, angry and dejected. Victory would have been a soothing balm, some psychological relief, for the entire country. Unfortunately, there are too many whose livelihood is tied to the fortunes of Nigeria’s national football teams. You find them in the commerce around Nigerian football grounds and clubs. They are the agents, the coaches, the scouts, the club owners, the traders, the caterers, the hoteliers, the travel agents, the security agents, the transporters, the owners of bars and lounges, the publishers, the patrons of the viewing centres (over 4 million of them all over the country), the gaming and betting shop owners, the football players, owners of academies, merchandisers, manufacturers of sports equipment and gears, and so on, a whole planet of people directly and indirectly involved in the football business. They are all counting their losses, reeling in pain and baying for blood. 5 days after the match, many concerned Nigerians think that football should not just go back to how it was before Tuesday, March 29, 2022. No, the pains are too deep. Some persons must be made to pay for our collective pain and humiliation.",2022-04-02
Why The Super Eagles Cannot Fly In Nigeria! –Odegbami,"Nigeria’s Super Eagles should be one of the biggest football forces in Africa by miles. The reality, however, is that even the smallest teams in Africa now find the inconsistent team an easy opponent to take on, particularly on home ground in Nigeria. Ordinary Guinea Bissau did what was once unthinkable – beat the Super Eagles on home soil. Playing in Nigeria has become a nightmare for the country’s football fans as well as the players coming from Europe. For some reason, most of these international superstars always underperform. The home ground has gradually become a neutral ground for most of their matches, leaving fans and players disgruntled and disappointed. Fans now never know what to expect before matches. Why is this so? What has happened to the invincibility of the Super Eagles at home? There are several reasons often adduced: a new coach with unknown pedigree; not enough time for players to assemble and train together to become a team; many new players introduced without a proper grounding in Nigerian football culture and philosophy; a new football administration that is still trying to find its feet months after it’s inauguration; no funds to properly motivate the team; and so on. In short, there are as many reasons as there are persons, all claiming to be experts (they include fans, journalists and administrators), to express them. To me, however, the most important reason is the one least discussed. It takes a special eye to be able to peer beneath the superficiality of common excuses for failure and find the missing answer. That exercise would require going back into history. Nigeria once had two of the best football grounds in the world. Up till 1995, Liberty Stadium, Ibadan, and U.J Esuene Stadium, Calabar, had playing surfaces comparable to whatever Camp Nou offers FC Barcelona, what Emirates Stadium offers Arsenal FC, and what Stadio San Paolo offers Napoli FC to date. The players in the present Super Eagles squad, young and very gifted, individually, need to have a first-class playing surface to be able to produce their best when they have very little or no time to train together and be properly organised as a solid team before matches. The poor grounds on which they have been playing in Nigeria substantially reduce their effectiveness. At a point in Nigeria’s football history, the Liberty Stadium, Ibadan, used to be a tourist site for visitors and students. People would gather on the terraces early in the morning, or in the late evenings, to watch the nurturing routine of the groundsmen on that hallowed ground. Teams were allowed to train on the field for a maximum of two times a week only. For the rest of the time, day and night, the field was nursed like a baby by an ‘army’ of groundsmen over 20 man-strong, working 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, all year round. There was a massive water storage system connected to the town’s main waterworks feeding the imported ‘Bermuda grass’. It takes that level of dedication and commitment to manage an excellent football ground. In 1995, ostensibly because Nigeria wanted to host the World Youth Championship, the government invited an Israeli construction company to come and do a renovation of selected stadia in the country. When they got to Liberty Stadium and saw what was on ground, the contractors confirmed that replacing what they found on ground was going to be a big mistake. Even Israel did not have such a facility. What they had brought to replace the playing surface of the stadium was inferior to what they met on ground. Wicked sports administrators at the time, blinded by greed and ignorance, insisted that the destruction job must go on. The evil deed was done, and was extended to Calabar, Kaduna, Enugu and so on. Their handiwork can still be found spread all over these stadia, carcasses of what were monuments to great and lush grass turfs of old. The ghost of those times has continued to haunt football development in the country to this day. In 2001, I brought two foreign consultants on football grounds from England. They were managing the grounds of Manchester City FC under Kevin Keegan in England at the time. They came to Nigeria to look at major stadia grounds in the country and to make recommendations for their rehabilitation and upgrading to a world–class standard. We visited Stadia in Kaduna, Enugu, Abuja, Ibadan and Lagos where they took soil samples. I still have in my custody their professional recommendations about what needed to be done. The Minister and his officers in the sports ministry at that time did not even understand and appreciate the critical nature of the situation and, so, did nothing. What the Super Eagles and Nigerians are passing through now, playing at home and looking like the visiting team, is a consequence of not doing anything about the state of the playing surfaces, not installing the right grass fields, drainage systems, watering systems, and not training groundsmen on modern technology of nursing real grass turfs. I pointed this out to the outgoing Minister of Sport when the 10-year Masterplan Committee for Nigerian football visited the MKO Abiola International Stadium in Abuja when the latest work on the ground was going on over a year ago. I challenged the contractors handling the project to ensure that the highest standards of construction were adhered to because grass fields management had failed severally in the country and needed extra-special handling. They took my challenge very poorly even as they assured the Minister that they knew what they were doing and would deliver a world-class grass field. The rest is history. It may be a grass field alright by normal standards, but to have the best playing surfaces to help our calibre of players in the Super Eagles today who do not have the luxury of training for a long time on the poor fields and getting familiarised is a great setback for the team and the country. Since the MKO Abiola International Stadium, Abuja, was opened for use as the home ground of the Super Eagles last year, everyone can now see that one of the main hindrances to great performances by the national team on that ground is the relatively poor state of the playing turf. What to do? There are no good enough grass fields in Nigeria outside the new Uyo International Stadium to do justice to the ability and capability of the Super Eagles under Jose Paseiro. Hindered by the short time before matches, it makes sense for the Super Eagles to move their matches to Uyo. For Abuja to become a proper home ground, Nigeria must go back to the ‘architects’ of Liberty Stadium, Ibadan, and get some good advice. One of them is still alive, living in semi-retirement in Ibadan. He is Debo Adeyele. Nigeria must go and get him, and remove the ‘curse’ from the country’s football at the national teams’ level.",2023-04-08
"AFCON 2023: S/Eagles Player Rating; Nwabali, Troost-Ekong, Outstanding As Lookman, Simon Struggle","Nigeria’s Super Eagles reached the final of this year’s Africa Cup of Nations after beating South Africa on penalty shootout. Here is how Completesports.com rated the performance of the Super Eagles players.

**Stanley Nwabali**
Despite South African goalkeeper Ronwen Williams tipped to give his side victory in the penalty shootout, it was Nwabali who emerged the hero for Nigeria as he saved two spot kicks. Made some important saves when South Africa dominated in the first half- 9

**William Troost-Ekong**
Put the Eagles ahead from the spot kick and also converted his effort during the penalty shootout to put his side in a comfortable position. Brought his wealth of experience as he marshaled the backline perfectly – 8

**Semi Ajayi**
Came to the rescue of the Eagles as he shielded a South African player out of the 18-yard box. His overall performance against South Africa was spot on and -7

**Calvin Bassey**
As usual was solid at the back and tried to venture forward to assist in the attacking third- 7

**Ola Aina**
Blasted his spot kick over the bar which would have put the Eagles in a comfortable position. Had a brilliant display despite playing from the left due to injury to Zaidu Sanusi -7

**Bright Osayi-Samuel**
Featured from the start and at right-back and put in a brilliant display. Thought he has set up Osimhen to score the the second but was unlucky to see the goal disallowed – 7

**Frank Onyeka**
Put in another energetic performance in midfield and has continued to show why the coach’s decision to stick with him his justified – 7

**Alex Iwobi**
Wasn’t one of his best performances in the Eagles shirt and had to go off in the second half – 6

**Ademola Lookman**
Could have made it 2-0 but failed to beat the South African goalkeeper inside the box. Struggled to impose himself into the game and had to be replaced -6

**Moses Simon**
The Nantes forward also had a tough game as things did not really work out for him before he went off- 6

**Victor Osimhen**
His drive inside the box led to the South African player fouling him inside the box. Had the ball in the back of the net only to see his effort ruled out for offside. Almost put the Eagles ahead again in extra time but saw his shot stopped – 8

Substitutes

**Samuel Chukwueze**
Made a return to the team and set up Terem Moffi who was brought down on the edge of the box. Was guilty of needlessly giving the ball away to the opponent – 6

**Joe Aribo**
Yet to justify why the coach kept introducing him in games as he hardly offer anything thing – 5

**Alhassan Yusuf**
Gave away the penalty that saw the South Africans equalized. Also, gifted the South Africans with another needless free kick in a dangerous position – 5

**Terem Moffi**
Came on for his debut AFCON appearance and was fouled as he was bearing down on goal. Coolly took his penalty by sending the keeper the wrong way- 7

**Kelechi Iheanacho**
Also made his first appearance in the competition and almost scored from a free kick but saw his well taken attempt stopped. Scored the decisive penalty kick which sent Nigeria into the final – 7

**Kenneth Omeruo**
Once again came on late but this time for the penalty kicks which he expertly converted – 6

Jose Peseiro: what else is there to say? Not content in meeting his semi final target, Peseiro set his players up and instructed them in a manner that produced results even with this team’s back was against the wall. Nigeria fans were apprehensive going into the encounter because of the fear of penalty kicks owing to the reputation of South African goalkeeper. Again, Peseiro showed he was several steps ahead of fans by proving that his own goalkeeper held penalty proficiency hitherto unknown to wider fan base and the football world. With rumours going about bad blood with Kelechi Iheanacho, he entrusted Iheanacho with match saving responsibilities in-game and in the shootouts showing all along that he (Peseiro) knew what he was doing and how to channel inner hunger of his players to devastating effect. He gave fans the victory we needed and earned the respect he wanted in how he organises his team, selects his players and make substations. Now, come-what-may, Nigeria will not leave this tournament without medals or a podium finish, what else could we have asked for? Chop knuckle jare! 10/10",2024-02-08
AS Roma Eyes Striker Terem Moffi in Transfer Hunt,"AS Roma is actively seeking a new striker as the new season approaches, and eyes the Nigerian forward Terem Moffi, according to LaRoma24.it. The 25-year-old forward, currently contracted to French club Nice until 2027, moved to Nice in 2023 for a reported total of €25 million, including a €2.5 million loan fee and a €22.5 million buyout clause. According to Transfermarkt, the player’s current value is estimated at €25 million.",2024-07-10
Trabzonspor Must Increase Offer to Secure Onuachu,"Southampton striker Paul Onuachu‘s potential transfer to Trabzonspor has encountered a major hurdle due to disagreements over his valuation. According to Southampton insider Adam Blackmore, the Turkish club’s current offer falls short of Southampton’s €10 million asking price. Onuachu, who had a successful loan spell with Trabzonspor last season, scoring 15 goals and providing 4 assists, is highly sought after by the Turkish side. Despite their interest, Trabzonspor’s offer of €7 million has not met Southampton’s expectations, causing a deadlock in negotiations. Adam Blackmore emphasized that Southampton, newly promoted to the Premier League, is not willing to sell the Nigerian forward for less than their valuation. He highlighted Onuachu’s impressive goal-scoring record and contributions to the team’s success, underscoring the club’s stance on his worth. While Onuachu is eager to return to Trabzonspor, he is currently training with Southampton as he prepares for the upcoming Premier League season. The Saints are set to kick off their campaign against Newcastle at St. James’ Park on August 17.",2024-08-05
Osimhen’s Potential Move to PSG Faces Major Setback,"Victor Osimhen's potential transfer from Napoli this summer is increasingly uncertain with his best option with the French giants PSG hitting a road block, according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano. The negotiations between the Nigerian striker’s current club Napoli and PSG have stalled. According to the Italian journalist, the French club is unwilling to meet the demands of their Italian counterparts. Napoli have suggested including Kang-in Lee as part of the deal, but the Ligue 1 champions are not prepared to agree to this condition and will not activate the former Serie A top scorer’s €130 million release clause. Although there have been rumors that PSG might let Gonçalo Ramos or Kolo Muani leave, Romano reports that the club is satisfied with their current forward options, further complicating Osimhen’s potential transfer.",2024-07-22
Chelsea Faces Challenges in Securing Victor Osimhen,"Renowned transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has provided new insights into Chelsea’s ongoing efforts to acquire Nigerian striker Victor Osimhen. Romano noted that any potential move for Osimhen to the Premier League club hinges on a loan deal that includes a mandatory purchase clause from Napoli. However, this scenario is complicated by Chelsea’s cautious approach towards Financial Fair Play regulations, a key factor in their initial hesitation to pursue Osimhen. The financial implications of such a deal are significant, with Chelsea needing to offer Osimhen a comparable salary to his current earnings at Napoli. Romano emphasized that this, coupled with the transfer fee, makes a permanent deal financially challenging for the London club under current conditions. During his discussion on the Playback platform, Romano mentioned that Chelsea’s management must either persuade Osimhen to accept a loan without a purchase obligation or devise an alternative agreement with Napoli. ""Chelsea haven’t considered an obligatory purchase for Osimhen due to the high costs involved,"" Romano explained. ""Offering Osimhen a similar salary to what he earns at Napoli over a four-year contract, plus the transfer fee, would be problematic under Financial Fair Play rules."" Currently, Osimhen has not shown willingness to accept a straightforward loan deal. Romano pointed out that unless the striker changes his stance or no other clubs make a move for him in the coming weeks, Chelsea’s chances remain slim. Besides Osimhen, Chelsea is also monitoring Spanish-Nigerian forward Samu Omorodion as a possible alternative. However, Atletico Madrid’s interest in retaining Omorodion further complicates Chelsea’s search for a new striker.",2024-08-04
"Victor Osimhen Nears Move to PSG, Snubs Chelsea Offer","Napoli’s star striker is reportedly close to sealing a move to Paris Saint-Germain at the end of 2023/24 season. Victor Osimhen, who signed a new deal with Napoli this winter, is now just “one step away” from joining the French giants. This move is set to disappoint Chelsea, who had shown significant interest in the Nigerian to bolster their attacking options. Despite the admiration from Chelsea legends such as John Mikel Obi and Didier Drogba, who publicly praised the Super Eagles forward, Osimhen seems set on a move to PSG as a replacement for the departing Kylian Mbappe. With a hefty €130 million release clause, his departure from Napoli marks a significant moment as he prepares for an emotional farewell with fans next month. Last season, Osimhen not only clinched individual accolades, including a top-ten finish in the Ballon d’Or and the African Player of the Year but also contributed significantly to Napoli’s success with 15 goals and four assists in 28 games. His impending transfer will be a crucial development for PSG as they look to bolster their squad for future Champions League campaigns.",2024-04-28
Sevilla Weighs January Loan for Struggling Iheanacho,"Kelechi Iheanacho, the Super Eagles and Sevilla forward, might be facing an uncertain future at the Ramón Sánchez-Pizjuán Stadium despite joining the club just last month, as per Spanish media outlet Todo Fichajes. The 27-year-old Nigerian international moved to Sevilla on a free transfer alongside compatriot Chidera Ejuke, but has struggled to make an impact since his arrival. Iheanacho has only managed 156 minutes of game time, starting just one match and failing to register a goal or assist so far. His lackluster performances have reportedly left Sevilla’s management unconvinced about his place in the squad. Brought in as a replacement for Moroccan striker Youssef En-Nesyri, who moved to Fenerbahçe, Iheanacho has not yet lived up to expectations. Reports suggest that Iheanacho’s future at the club is now under scrutiny, with head coach Garcia Pimienta dropping him down the pecking order. While Sevilla plans to give him more opportunities to prove himself, there is growing speculation that a loan move in January could be on the horizon if his form does not improve. One of the major hurdles the Andalusian club may face in facilitating a loan move is the striker’s hefty wages. Sevilla will be hoping that Iheanacho finds his form soon, but if not, a January loan could be their best option, albeit one that comes with significant financial challenges.",2024-09-21
Everton Makes Move for Super Eagles Star Wilfred Ndidi,"The Premier League club from the Merseyside has made an offer to Wilfred Ndidi, the Nigerian international and Leicester City star, allnigeriasoccer.com reports. As the summer transfer window approaches, the Toffees aim to secure Ndidi’s services and outpace other clubs vying for the midfielder. Sacha Tavolieri, a respected transfer market reporter, disclosed that Ndidi has already received a proposal from Everton, who are eager to capitalize on his free agent status. With his contract set to expire in two months, Ndidi has caught the attention of several top clubs, including Barcelona and Juventus, alongside Premier League sides such as West Ham, Crystal Palace, Tottenham Hotspur, and Newcastle United. Ndidi’s tenure at Leicester City spans over seven years, during which he has become a fixture in their lineup since his transfer from Racing Genk in January 2017. His experience in the Premier League is substantial, with 192 appearances, positioning him among the Nigerian players with the most appearances in the English top-flight league. This season, Ndidi contributed the Foxes with twelve goals in 35 appearances across all competitions. As Everton extends its offer, the decision now rests with Ndidi to choose between a move to Goodison Park or potentially more lucrative opportunities elsewhere.",2024-04-30
Real Sociedad Boss Praises Sadiq Umar Amid Exit Rumors,"Real Sociedad coach Imanol Alguacil has praised Super Eagles striker Sadiq Umar for his dedication and attitude since returning from injury, despite rumors of a possible exit. Umar, who joined Real Sociedad two years ago for a club-record €20 million, had impressed at Almeria with 43 goals and 19 assists in 84 games. Umar’s debut for Sociedad started promisingly with a goal against Atletico Madrid, but an anterior cruciate ligament injury in his third game sidelined him for the rest of the season, causing him to miss 51 games. In the recently concluded season, Umar managed to score three goals and provide one assist in 26 appearances, but his game time was significantly limited. Rumors of a potential departure have surfaced, fueled by Umar’s minimal playtime—only 22 minutes in the last nine games. However, Alguacil affirmed their positive relationship and praised Umar’s commitment and professionalism. Speculations suggest Getafe could be a potential destination for Umar, who faces a crucial decision this summer regarding his future.",2024-05-29
Gift Orban Not Leaving Lyon Amid Transfer Speculations,"Recent rumors suggesting that Nigerian striker Gift Orban might leave Lyon for Brazil or the MLS have been debunked, according to allnigeriasoccer.com. Reports claimed the Nigerian forward was declared surplus to requirements at the French Ligue 1 club, potentially paving the way for a move to Brazilian Serie A’s Botafogo or Major League Soccer’s Colorado Rapids. However, these speculations have been firmly denied by sources close to the player. It has been confirmed that there has been no contact between Orban and Botafogo, and discussions about a transfer to the Brazilian club have never occurred. Additionally, Orban is not currently engaged in talks with Lyon regarding a departure during this summer’s transfer window. Despite the arrivals of Mama Baldé from Troyes and Georges Mikautadze, along with the presence of star striker Alexandre Lacazette, Orban remains an integral part of Lyon’s squad. The 22-year-old, who joined Lyon for €14 million in January, scored three goals in sixteen matches across all competitions last season.",2024-07-20
Chelsea Prepares Massive Offer for Winger Michael Olise,"Chelsea FC is making significant moves in the transfer market under new manager Enzo Maresca, targeting Crystal Palace winger Michael Olise as a key summer signing, according to TEAM Talk. It has been reported that Chelsea is confident Olise will choose them over Manchester United, thanks to their strategic location in London and existing connections within the club. Chelsea is pushing to complete their transfer business swiftly, aiming to have the new squad ready for Maresca by the end of the month. The club’s director of football, Joe Shields, has been in constant contact with Olise’s camp and is a strong advocate for his signing. Olise’s exit clause is reportedly under €70 million, making him an attractive option for Chelsea. While Manchester United has been working hard to secure Olise’s signature, they face fierce competition from Chelsea, who are ready to activate his release clause in the coming weeks. Sources from Crystal Palace acknowledge that Olise is likely to leave the club this summer, seeking to advance his career with one of England’s top teams. Chelsea’s proactive approach and existing ties to Olise’s family bolster their belief that they can secure one of the most sought-after players this transfer window.",2024-06-05T20:25:39+00:00
Aston Villa Eye Nigerian Striker Kelechi Iheanacho for Summer Transfer,"The Birmingham club is once again being linked with Nigerian international striker Kelechi Iheanacho as they contemplate their options in the final weeks of the transfer window. Iheanacho, 27, brings experience and a proven track record, having contributed 95 goals in 232 appearances for Leicester City. His availability on a free transfer makes him an attractive option for Villa, who need a quality forward willing to play a supporting role to first-choice striker Ollie Watkins. The Villa has been active this summer, securing six signings and the return of Cameron Archer and Kosta Nedeljkovic, with the imminent arrival of Amadou Onana. However, departures are also on the cards, with Douglas Luiz, Calum Chambers, Moussa Diaby, Philippe Coutinho, and Tim Iroegbunam potentially leaving, along with Jhon Duran, who has attracted interest from Chelsea and West Ham United. The situation hinges on Duran’s future, currently on holiday after helping Colombia reach the Copa America final. Villa’s transfer activities in the coming weeks will be crucial in determining whether Iheanacho becomes part of their squad.",2024-07-21
Ademola Lookman Returns to Atalanta Training Amid Transfer Speculation,"The Nigerian striker has returned to training with Atalanta after missing their season opener, amid ongoing rumors linking him with a move to Arsenal and Liverpool, as per Soccernet.NG. Despite reports of interest from these Premier League giants, no formal offers have been made, according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano. Lookman had previously been linked with a transfer to Paris Saint-Germain, with personal terms reportedly agreed, but the French club has yet to submit an official bid. With PSG’s interest seemingly cooling, speculation has shifted towards a potential move to England, but Atalanta insists they have not received any bids from Arsenal or Liverpool. As the transfer window nears its close, Lookman remains an Atalanta player and could feature in their upcoming match against Torino. Despite the uncertainty surrounding his future, the Nigerian international remains focused on his current club.",2024-08-23
Fisayo Dele-Bashiru Salary in Lazio: A New Chapter with Record Earnings,"After a stellar season with Hatayspor in Turkey, Nigerian midfielder Fisayo Dele-Bashiru has taken his talents to Serie A, joining SS Lazio on loan. His performances have already turned heads, especially in the Europa League, where he’s made a significant impact. This move has also brought a substantial boost to his earnings, making it a career-defining moment for the young star. Kick Off Nigeria looks into the player’s finances.

Dele-Bashiru’s one-season loan deal with SS Lazio runs until June 30, 2025, and includes the highest salary of his career. The Nigerian international is earning €2,780,000 annually, which translates to €53,462 weekly. This salary is over 5.5 times higher than what he earned at Hatayspor last season. His monthly earnings stand at €231,667, while he takes home €7,637 daily.

Dele-Bashiru is the 13th highest-paid player in the Lazio squad for the 2024/2025 season. Among non-European players, he ranks third in earnings, showcasing his value as one of the top international talents in the team. Furthermore, he holds the distinction of being the highest-paid player under 23 at the club, earning significantly more than his peers in the same age bracket.

His impressive salary reflects his growing reputation as a top talent and one of Nigeria’s standout performers in European football. Dele-Bashiru’s journey to Serie A has been accompanied by remarkable salary growth. His current deal at Lazio represents a massive leap, highlighting his rapid progression and value as a player.

In 2023, Dele-Bashiru made his debut for the Nigerian national team, quickly becoming a key player. He has since earned five caps, scoring two goals and providing one assist. His international performances have further cemented his reputation as one of Nigeria’s brightest footballing prospects. Although Dele-Bashiru began the 2024/2025 season as a regular starter for Lazio, he has seen reduced minutes in recent weeks. However, his early contributions, including key goals and assists, underline his potential to excel in Serie A. If he continues to impress, Lazio may activate their option to make the move permanent.",2025-01-16
"Sevilla move will reignite Akor’s career,” says ex-Nigerian striker Agali","Former Olympique Marseille, Nice, and Nigeria Super Eagles forward Victor Agali has backed Adams Akor’s decision to leave French Ligue 1 side Montpellier HSC for Spanish La Liga outfit Sevilla. The 24-year-old has been in Spain for two days, having landed at Seville’s San Pablo Airport on Saturday afternoon. He was received by Sevilla FC’s Sporting Director, Victor Orta, ahead of a medical and contract signing. Akor was also in attendance as Sevilla drew 1-1 with Espanyol on Saturday. Although Akor has yet to be formally announced at the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan Stadium, reports suggest the signing is close and imminent. His compatriot Agali has expressed satisfaction with the move, describing it as a “step in the right direction.” Agali stated, “I’ll be pleased if he (Akor) joins Sevilla, in all honesty. It’s a deal he needed to reignite and re-spark his career to the levels and standards initially anticipated.” He added that Akor's time in France was not a failure but had not met expectations. Agali believes the move to Sevilla will help Akor rebuild his confidence and enjoy his football again. Akor's move to Sevilla FC will make him the third Nigerian player to join the club in the 2024-2025 season, following Chidera Ejuke and Kelechi Iheanacho.",2025-01-27
"Adams Addresses AC Milan Interest, Expresses Satisfaction at Montpellier","Nigerian striker has provided an update on his current situation at Montpellier amid increasing interest from Italian giants AC Milan. Akor Adams, 23, who made a high-profile move from Norwegian top-flight club Lillestrom to Ligue 1 side Montpellier last summer in a €4,5 million deal, has exceeded all expectations with an impressive start to the season. Adams, who has netted seven goals in just 11 appearances for Montpellier, has emerged as one of the standout performers in the league, currently occupying the second spot on the goalscorers’ charts, just six goals behind PSG star Kylian Mbappe. Reports suggest that AC Milan is closely monitoring the Nigerian striker and could make a move for him next summer. However, Adams, in a recent statement to Soccernet, has expressed his contentment with life at Montpellier, emphasizing the positive treatment he has received since joining the club. “I am happy with my current situation and where I am. It’s a good environment to grow as a young player,” Adams stated per Allez Paillade. “I have everything I need here in Montpellier. I’m happy with my decision to come to a club that takes good care of me. I have a very good group around me. I am satisfied.” Adams acknowledged the interest from AC Milan but made it clear that nothing concrete has emerged from the talks. The striker’s priority appears to be his current club, where he believes the conducive environment has played a pivotal role in his development. The Nigerian’s stellar performances have undoubtedly put him on the radar for potential suitors, and if he maintains his impressive scoring rate, he could become one of the most sought-after players in the upcoming summer transfer market. His current market value according to Transfermarkt estimates at €8 million, growing twice after his move from Norway to France. Whether a move to AC Milan materializes or not, Adams seems to be focused on continuing his growth with Montpellier for the time being. The football world will be watching closely to see how this promising talent’s story unfolds in the coming months.",2023-11-23
Fulham Eyes Montpellier Sensation Akor Adams in January Transfer Window,"Fulham is setting its sights on Montpellier’s prolific striker, Akor Adams, as the club looks to bolster its attacking lineup during the January transfer window, according to reports from Soccernet.NG. Manager Marco Silva, seeking to enhance Fulham’s firepower, has identified Adams as a potential solution to the goal-scoring challenges faced since Aleksandar Mitrovic’s departure to Al-Hilal in the summer. Raul Jimenez, recruited to fill the void, has struggled to meet expectations with just four goals in 16 league appearances. Adams, the 23-year-old Nigerian forward, has been in scintillating form in Ligue 1, notching seven goals in 17 appearances for Montpellier since his summer transfer from Lillestrom. Fulham’s interest in the striker is further substantiated by reports of scouts being dispatched to closely observe his performances. Fulham’s attacking deficiencies have been evident, with Jimenez, Carlos Vinicius, and Rodrigo Muniz combining for only six goals. Marco Silva’s tactical reliance on wingers and midfielders to contribute goals underscores the urgency for a reliable striker in the squad. Standing at an imposing 6ft 3ins, Akor Adams embodies the characteristics of a traditional target man, aligning seamlessly with Silva’s tactical vision. His proficiency in the final third could provide the missing link in Fulham’s goal-scoring endeavors, aiming for a top-half finish in the Premier League. However, Fulham faces stiff competition in the race for Adams, with West Ham United also expressing interest in the Nigerian striker. AC Milan, the Italian giants, are reportedly monitoring the situation closely, considering Adams as a long-term replacement for Frenchman Olivier Giroud. Montpellier secured Adams for less than five million euros in the summer, but his current value, according to Transfermarkt is now estimated at €12 million. Fulham will be eager to secure the services of the in-form striker, whose arrival could significantly strengthen their attacking prowess and improve their standing in the Premier League. The January transfer window promises to be an intriguing period for Fulham as they vie for the signature of one of Ligue 1’s emerging stars.",2023-12-22
Crystal Palace in Intense Race to Sign Nigerian Ace Bright Osayi-Samuel,"The Eagles are reportedly in a tight battle to secure the services of Bright Osayi-Samuel, who is also on the radar of at least three Premier League clubs, according to Soccernet.NG. Osayi-Samuel’s versatility makes him an attractive prospect; he is adept at playing anywhere along the right flank. His performances this season have been particularly noteworthy, contributing three goals and four assists, which signifies his best form to date. The Turkish news outlet Aksam has named Crystal Palace as a potential suitor, yet they face tough competition from Wolverhampton Wanderers and Leeds United. Crystal Palace’s interest isn’t just a short-term strategy. They aim to integrate Osayi-Samuel into their long-term vision, potentially pairing him with Eze, who shares a close connection with the player. There’s also speculation around interest from larger clubs for teammate Michael Olise, which could influence Palace’s transfer maneuvers. According to Transfermarkt, the Osayi-Samuel’s current value is estimated at €8,5 million, whilst Fenerbahçe is reportedly asking for around €10 million for the 26-year-old Nigerian. As Crystal Palace sits comfortably mid-table in the Premier League, securing Osayi-Samuel could be crucial for their ambitions to climb the rankings and solidify their positions next season.",2024-03-08
Juventus Joins Race for Ndidi Amidst Interest from Barcelona and Sevilla,"In a development that could set the transfer market abuzz, Italian giants Juventus are reportedly considering entering the race to secure the services of Nigerian midfield maestro Wilfred Ndidi. According to recent reports from Soccernet.NG, Ndidi has garnered interest not only from La Liga powerhouses Sevilla and Barcelona but also from Serie A contenders Juventus.

The Super Eagles ace has been turning heads with his stellar performances, even though he currently plies his trade in the EFL Championship following Leicester City’s relegation from the English Premier League. Despite his team’s downturn, Ndidi remains a highly sought-after player, attracting attention from top clubs across Europe.

Sevilla FC and Barcelona FC, both representing La Liga, have emerged as frontrunners in the pursuit of Ndidi. Recent reports from Spanish media outlets suggest that the two clubs are keen on bolstering their squads with the addition of the talented midfielder. This sets the stage for a potential three-way battle between Barcelona, Sevilla, and now Juventus.

Sevilla has been monitoring Ndidi, while Barcelona’s interest in the Super Eagles midfielder dates back to September when he was included in their shortlist. Despite earlier links to Liverpool, Bayern Munich, and Galatasaray during the summer transfer window, Ndidi remained with Leicester City, and no deal materialized for various reasons.

With Ndidi’s current contract set to expire in 2024, Leicester City faces the risk of losing the midfield dynamo on a free transfer in the subsequent summer window if a new contract is not agreed upon. Despite the uncertainty, there have been no official comments from Ndidi’s camp regarding the swirling transfer rumors.

As the speculation intensifies, it appears that Ndidi, regardless of Leicester’s potential promotion to another league, might be exploring new horizons in his football career. The addition of Juventus to the list of potential suitors adds another layer of intrigue to the ongoing saga surrounding the talented Nigerian midfielder.",2023-12-08
Victor Moses Joins Luton Town: Nigerian Star Returns to English Football,"Nigerian football fans have reason to celebrate as former Super Eagles star, Victor Moses, has completed a permanent move to English Premier League side Luton Town, as per the club’s official website. The 33-year-old winger joins the Hatters as a free agent after leaving Spartak Moscow, pending international clearance. His move to Luton follows his exit from the Russian club, where he spent two seasons, after joining them permanently from Chelsea in 2021. Moses, who was born in Kaduna, Nigeria, and represented the Super Eagles on 38 occasions, brings a wealth of experience to Luton Town. He last played in England during his time at Chelsea, where he was part of their Premier League and FA Cup-winning squads under Antonio Conte. According to Transfermarkt, his current market value stands at €2 million. Luton Town manager Rob Edwards expressed his excitement about the signing, highlighting Moses’ versatility and tactical awareness. ""Victor gives us more strength in depth and versatility. He’s able to play on both sides or as a number ten,"" said Edwards. ""He’s had a fantastic career, and he’s someone we can learn from. He’s been there, done it, and still shows the hunger to succeed."" Moses, who has played for top clubs across Europe, including Inter Milan, Liverpool, and Chelsea, shared his enthusiasm for the move. ""I had a few offers from Europe, but I set my mind on staying in England. I’m very pleased and honoured to be at Luton Town and can’t wait to get started,"" he said. With over 550 matches and 84 goals to his name across his club and international career, including appearances in the World Cup and Africa Cup of Nations, Moses is expected to bring a wealth of experience and leadership to Luton’s squad as they strive to secure their Premier League status.",2024-09-10
Nigerian Star Christantus Uche Attracts Interest from Top European Clubs,"Nigerian midfielder Christantus Uche has become one of Europe’s hottest prospects, with Real Sociedad, Chelsea, Aston Villa, and Newcastle United all eyeing the Getafe star ahead of the winter transfer window, as per Spanish media outlet Fichajes. Uche, 21, joined Getafe this summer for a modest €500,000 but has quickly emerged as a standout in La Liga. Known for his aggressive, box-to-box style, Uche’s impact has been felt far beyond the scoresheet; he’s one of the league’s most fouled players, drawing 32 fouls in just 11 games. Despite scoring just once this season, his presence has been invaluable to Getafe’s midfield. Real Sociedad nearly signed Uche before he moved to Getafe and are expected to reignite their interest in January. However, Premier League clubs are also keen, seeing great potential in Uche’s €25 million release clause, which could be a bargain for such a versatile talent. According to Transfermarkt the player’s current value estimates at €5 million. The Owerri-born star was reportedly close to joining Real Madrid earlier in his career, and his current rise has led to calls for his inclusion in Nigeria’s national team, the Super Eagles. With Real Sociedad leading the chase, it remains to be seen if Uche will stay in Spain or make a move to the Premier League, marking the next exciting chapter in his promising career.",2024-10-31
PSG Struggles to Convince €130m Napoli Star Victor Osimhen to Replace Mbappe,"Paris Saint-Germain’s pursuit of Napoli’s Victor Osimhen as a potential successor to Kylian Mbappe faces hurdles as the Nigerian forward eyes a move to England, potentially complicating PSG’s plans, as per Goal. Mbappe recently notified PSG of his intention to leave when his contract expires in the summer, with Real Madrid emerging as the frontrunners in the race for his signature. Consequently, PSG is actively scouting replacements, with Osimhen identified as a prime target. However, securing the 23-year-old’s services won’t come cheap, as Napoli demands a hefty fee of €130 million. Despite PSG’s financial prowess, with backing from wealthy Qatari owners, Osimhen’s reported preference for the Premier League poses a significant challenge. English clubs such as Chelsea, Arsenal, and Manchester United are keen on bolstering their attacking options, intensifying the competition for Osimhen’s signature. Interestingly, Osimhen’s affinity for Chelsea has been evident, citing Didier Drogba as his childhood idol. This connection has sparked speculation about a potential move to Stamford Bridge, further fueling the excitement among Chelsea fans. As the transfer saga unfolds, Osimhen holds the key to his future, with several top European clubs vying for his talents. Despite Chelsea’s significant financial backing under new ownership, PSG remains determined to secure Osimhen’s services, setting the stage for a compelling battle in the upcoming transfer window.",2024-02-19
Transfer of Rafiu Durosinmi to Eintracht Collapses after Medical Examination,"In a shocking turn of events, the transfer of Nigerian striker Rafiu Durosinmi to Eintracht Frankfurt has fallen through, leaving both the player and the Bundesliga side disappointed according to allnigeriasoccer.com. The collapse of the deal was confirmed by German newspaper Bild, citing an abnormality discovered during Durosinmi’s medical examination, unrelated to the knee injury he is currently recovering from. The 2022 UEFA Europa League champions had been eagerly eyeing the services of the Viktoria Plzeň forward, with a reported transfer fee of €9 million on the table, when the current value of the player is estimated by Transfermarkt at €5 million. The proposed contract was expected to bind Durosinmi to Eintracht Frankfurt until 2028, as the club aimed to fill the void left by the departure of Randal Kolo Muani to PSG during the previous transfer window. The unexpected setback is undoubtedly a major blow for the talented Nigerian striker, who had been looking forward to showcasing his skills in one of Europe’s top football leagues. The Bundesliga is currently regarded as one of the top 5 leagues in the continent, and Durosinmi’s potential move would have marked a significant milestone in his career. Durosinmi had enjoyed a promising start to the season in the Fortuna Liga, the Czech Republic’s top-tier division. However, his momentum was disrupted by a knee injury sustained in October, further complicating his professional journey. Had the deal materialized, Durosinmi would have been Eintracht Frankfurt’s second signing of the January transfer window. The club had earlier secured the services of Netherlands international midfielder Donny van de Beek on loan from Manchester United. As both the player and the club now face the disappointment of a failed transfer, the football world will be closely watching to see how Durosinmi and Eintracht Frankfurt respond to this unexpected turn of events.",2024-01-03
Napoli President De Laurentiis Confirms Progress in Osimhen’s Contract Renewal,"Napoli President Aurelio De Laurentiis has provided a crucial update on the ongoing contract negotiations with Super Eagles striker Victor Osimhen. According to reports from Soccernet.NG, talks have been in progress for several months, and it seems that a breakthrough has finally been achieved. Earlier, concerns were raised about the status of Osimhen’s contract talks with Napoli amid reported interest from Premier League clubs. However, De Laurentiis has now revealed that the club is on the verge of securing an extension with the talented striker. Osimhen has emerged as one of Napoli’s standout performers over the past two years, making a significant impact with his goal-scoring prowess. The 24-year-old forward found the net 31 times in 39 appearances last season, playing a crucial role in Napoli’s historic Serie A triumph after 33 years and their first-ever UEFA Champions League quarterfinal finish. According to Transfermarkt the current market value of the Nigerian superstar estimates at €120 million. Despite Osimhen’s remarkable contributions, it appears that some details still need to be finalized in the contract negotiation process. President De Laurentiis addressed the situation, stating, “We are at the signing stage of the new contract we’ve offered last summer,” as reported by the transfer insider Fabrizio Romano. While the prospect of Osimhen extending his stay with Napoli is encouraging for the fans, there is a caveat. If the striker agrees to a contract renewal, it’s suggested that he may not remain at the club beyond the upcoming summer transfer window, given the reported interest from several other clubs vying for his signature. Napoli supporters will be eager to see the resolution of the contract talks and hope for Osimhen’s continued contributions in the near future.",2023-12-04
Interest Heats Up for Leicester Midfielder Ndidi as Contract Expiration Nears,"Premier League clubs West Ham and Crystal Palace are set to compete with Serie A powerhouse Juventus for the signature of Leicester City’s Wilfred Ndidi. Ndidi, a key player for the Championship club and the Nigerian national team, has attracted significant attention due to his versatile midfield capabilities. As the summer transfer window approaches, Ndidi’s potential availability on a free transfer makes him a highly desirable target. His ability to protect the defense while also contributing to offensive play has been crucial for Leicester City, especially in their bid to return to the Premier League. Crystal Palace sees Ndidi as a strategic addition to enhance their midfield dynamics, while West Ham, facing issues with current midfielders Tomáš Souček and on-loan Kalvin Phillips, view Ndidi as an optimal reinforcement. Juventus, along with Premier League sides Tottenham and Newcastle, are also reportedly monitoring the 27-year-old’s situation closely. This season, Ndidi has been instrumental in Leicester’s campaign, with seven goal involvements in 28 appearances, underlining his importance to the team. Leicester City faces the challenge of potentially losing a valuable asset without a transfer fee, adding urgency to their promotion efforts.",2024-04-20
Kelechi Iheanacho Eyes Premier League Return Amid Interest from Turkish Clubs,"The Leicester City striker, is reportedly considering leaving the club as his contract nears its expiration, with Crystal Palace emerging as a potential destination. Since returning from the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations, Iheanacho has found his playing time limited, prompting speculation about his future. Despite interest from prominent Turkish teams like Galatasaray, Fenerbahce, and Besiktas, who see Iheanacho as a valuable addition to their squads, the lure of the Premier League remains strong for the Nigerian forward. Crystal Palace, known for scouting talent from the Super Eagles, appears keen to unite Iheanacho with compatriots Wilfred Ndidi and Raphael Onyedika. Iheanacho, having made 22 appearances this season, often as a backup to Jamie Vardy and Patson Daka, is seeking more consistent playing time. His preference to stay in one of Europe’s top leagues and play a more central role might make Crystal Palace an attractive option. As the season progresses, it remains to be seen whether Iheanacho will opt for a move to Turkey or choose to continue his career in the Premier League. Crystal Palace’s offer could be a pivotal factor in his decision, potentially offering him the regular starting position he desires.",2024-04-24
Pochettino's Exit Unlikely to Affect Victor Osimhen's Potential Move to Chelsea,"The sudden departure of Mauricio Pochettino as Chelsea’s manager has raised concerns about its potential impact on the club’s transfer activities, particularly the pursuit of Nigerian striker Victor Osimhen. Pochettino, who left by mutual consent after guiding Chelsea to a sixth-place finish, had overseen the initial interest in Osimhen. Despite this managerial change, Chelsea’s determination to secure Osimhen remains strong. Victor Osimhen, currently with Napoli, has attracted interest from several top clubs including PSG, Arsenal, and Manchester United. However, Chelsea has been the frontrunner in the race to sign the prolific striker. Osimhen, who recently signed a new contract with Napoli, has a reported release clause of roughly €130 million is still keen on a move to the Premier League, with Chelsea as his preferred destination. Osimhen several times has reportedly expressed his willingness to join Chelsea. While the specifics of his potential seven-year contract are still being negotiated, Chelsea is prepared to offer a salary higher than his current earnings at Napoli. The ongoing negotiations indicate that a formal agreement is imminent, with personal terms expected to be finalized in the coming days. Despite Pochettino’s exit, Chelsea’s ambition to strengthen their attack with Osimhen remains unchanged, and the club is poised to make a substantial investment to bring the Nigerian striker to Stamford Bridge.",2024-05-22
Napoli’s Sporting Director Defends Decision to Exclude Osimhen from First Team,"Napoli’s Sporting Director, Giovanni Manna, has addressed the club’s controversial decision to exclude star forward Victor Osimhen from Antonio Conte’s first team. The move follows a tumultuous summer in which the 25-year-old Nigerian international attempted to force a transfer, reportedly to Chelsea, only for the deal to fall through due to disagreements over salary expectations. Osimhen, who has not trained with Napoli’s senior squad since early August, was notably absent from the club’s pre-season matches, further straining his relationship with the club’s management. In response, Napoli handed his iconic number 9 jersey to Romelu Lukaku, a recent signing from Chelsea, and effectively sidelined Osimhen from first-team duties. In an interview with DAZN, Manna justified the club’s actions, stating, ""We’ve made significant investments; we brought in Lukaku and kept Raspadori and Simeone, which wasn’t guaranteed. Victor has expressed his desire not to play for Napoli, and we have made other choices."" Manna also hinted that while the transfer market remains open, a move to Saudi Arabia for Osimhen is unlikely. Napoli, under new coach Antonio Conte, has had a rocky start to the season, securing only one win so far. The exclusion of Osimhen, the 2023 CAF Player of the Year, from the squad adds further challenges as the club navigates the new season.",2024-08-31T21:50:47+00:00
Chelsea Set to Smash Transfer Record in Pursuit of Osimhen Despite FFP Concerns,"In a bold move that could shake the foundations of the January transfer window, Chelsea is reportedly gearing up to break their transfer record once again to secure the services of Nigerian striker Victor Osimhen according to Goal.com. Despite looming concerns over Financial Fair Play (FFP) regulations, the Blues remain resolute in their pursuit of the prolific forward. According to sources at Football Transfers, Chelsea’s owner Todd Boehly is unwavering in his determination to bolster the team’s attacking prowess by bringing Osimhen on board. The Nigerian international has been a standout performer for Napoli, scoring 26 league goals last season to propel the Italian side to their first Serie A title in 33 years. While Chelsea faces uncertainties regarding FFP restrictions, the club is ready to defy financial constraints to secure Osimhen’s signature, emphasizing their unwavering commitment to landing the coveted striker. The prospective transfer is estimated to cost Chelsea a staggering €120 million potentially shattering their existing transfer record. Osimhen’s prowess has not gone unnoticed, with Arsenal also expressing interest in the striker. However, the Gunners seem unlikely to match the astronomical demands set by Napoli for the player. Napoli President Aurelio De Laurentiis remains optimistic about Osimhen’s future at the club, despite a recent TikTok scandal that strained relations. De Laurentiis is confident that the striker will sign a new deal, though time is ticking, as Osimhen’s contract is set to expire in 2025. Napoli faces the risk of losing Osimhen on a free transfer if a new contract isn’t inked by the summer. This has put Chelsea on high alert, closely monitoring the situation and contemplating the sale of Armando Broja to generate funds for Osimhen’s hefty price tag. As the January transfer window approaches, all eyes will be on Chelsea to see if they will indeed shatter their transfer record for the prolific Nigerian striker, potentially reshaping the landscape of the Premier League.",2023-12-11
Victor Osimhen Chooses Chelsea Over Arsenal and Manchester United for Next Move,"Super Eagles forward Victor Osimhen has reportedly made his decision regarding his next club. According to sources, the 25-year-old has opted to join Chelsea over competing offers from Arsenal and Manchester United, as Soccernet.NG reports. Belgian journalist Sacha Tavolieri, as cited by TEAMtalk, broke the news, revealing that Osimhen’s move to Stamford Bridge is set to take place in the upcoming summer transfer window. Chelsea, in their search for a proven striker, had consistently prioritized Osimhen, and it appears their efforts have paid off with the striker’s decision. The deal, however, is contingent on Chelsea’s willingness to meet Osimhen’s release clause, a significant financial commitment that reflects the striker’s value in the transfer market. Both Arsenal and Manchester United were actively pursuing the Napoli star, making the competition for his signature intense. The impact of Osimhen’s decision on their respective pursuits remains to be seen. In the past week, Osimhen hinted at his departure from Stadio Diego Armando Maradona, a sentiment seemingly corroborated by Napoli President Aurelio De Laurentiis. In a recent interview, De Laurentiis acknowledged their awareness of Osimhen’s impending departure, listing potential destinations as Real Madrid, PSG, or one of the Premier League heavyweights. As Osimhen gears up for his participation in the Africa Cup of Nations, Napoli’s president expressed hope that the striker will deliver his best performances upon his return to the Serie A defending champions. For now, Chelsea fans eagerly await official confirmation of Osimhen’s move to Stamford Bridge, while Arsenal and Manchester United may need to reassess their striker targets for the upcoming transfer window.",2024-01-28
Chelsea Pursue Victor Osimhen as Napoli Takes a Firm Stance Amid Transfer Talks,"Napoli and Chelsea find themselves at a stalemate as discussions over the transfer of Nigerian forward Victor Osimhen intensify, as per transfer expert Fabrizio Romano. Chelsea remains eager to secure the services of the prolific striker, but challenges persist in meeting the financial demands of both the player and his current club, Napoli. Osimhen, who has been a standout performer for Napoli over the past three seasons, is attracting attention from several top European clubs, including Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) and Arsenal. Despite widespread interest, no club has yet been able to finalize a deal with the Italian side. Previously, PSG appeared close to securing a transfer, but negotiations have stalled as they struggle to meet Napoli’s valuation. Chelsea, on the other hand, is engaged in serious talks with both the player and the club, but the negotiations are proving complex. Napoli is reportedly open to a loan deal, yet Osimhen’s camp insists on a permanent transfer, further complicating the discussions. Additionally, Chelsea is hesitant to meet Osimhen’s wage demands, which would position him among the highest earners at Stamford Bridge. With the European transfer window set to close in just two weeks, Chelsea will need to accelerate their efforts if they hope to finalize a deal for Osimhen before the deadline.",2024-08-18
Real Madrid Eyes Victor Osimhen as Kylian Mbappe Alternative Amidst Internal Strife,"Real Madrid is actively exploring alternatives to Kylian Mbappe, with Napoli’s Victor Osimhen emerging as a potential target. The Mbappe transfer saga has reportedly sparked internal conflicts within the club’s board, as some members express reservations about pursuing the PSG forward. As Mbappe enters the final six months of his contract at Paris Saint-Germain, Real Madrid is contemplating a move for the Nigerian talisman. According to sources from Football Transfers, senior board members at Los Blancos believe that Victor Osimhen’s playing style aligns better with the club’s needs. Osimhen, the star forward for Napoli, recently signed a new contract, and his current release clause stands at €130 million. Notably, Premier League giants Chelsea and Arsenal are also monitoring the 25-year-old, but should Real Madrid make an offer, Osimhen may lean towards a move to Spain next season. Currently representing Nigeria at AFCON 2023 in Ivory Coast, Osimhen played in their opening match against Equatorial Guinea, which concluded in a 1-1 draw. As Real Madrid navigates the complexities of the Mbappe situation, Osimhen stands as a formidable alternative, capturing the attention of top European clubs in the process.",2024-01-14
"Arsenal Open Contract Talks with English Talent of Nigerian Descent, Ethan Nwaneri","Arsenal have begun negotiations to secure the future of Ethan Nwaneri, a 17-year-old midfielder with Nigerian heritage, after his standout performances this season, according to Fabrizio Romano. The young talent made history in Arsenal’s 3-0 victory over Nottingham Forest, scoring his first Premier League goal at just 17 years and 247 days. This milestone made him the youngest Premier League scorer of Nigerian descent, surpassing Victor Anichebe’s record from 2006. Nwaneri, who is eligible to represent Nigeria at the international level, has become a source of pride for both England and Nigeria. With four goals in nine appearances this season, he is solidifying his position as one of Arsenal’s brightest prospects. Renowned football insider Fabrizio Romano reports that Arsenal are offering Nwaneri a significant contract to secure his future amid interest from rival clubs. While recent changes in Arsenal’s leadership, such as Edu Gasper’s departure, may affect the timeline, the club remains committed to integrating Nwaneri into their long-term plans. With a strong rapport with Mikel Arteta and the coaching staff, the young midfielder represents a key figure for Arsenal’s future and a promising option for Nigeria’s national team.",2024-11-24
Nigerian Starlet Nwokeabia Francis Signs Contract Extension With FK Spartak Ždrepčeva Until 2028,"The striker has signed a contract extension with Serbian club FK Spartak Ždrepčeva, keeping him at the club until 2028. Since joining FK Spartak Ždrepčeva in 2024, Nwokeabia Francis has been in impressive form, establishing himself as an integral member of the star-studded FK Spartak Ždrepčeva squad. Born on May 16, 2005, the 19-year-old midfielder began his journey with FK Spartak Ždrepčeva’s U-19 team in 2023, where he shone as one of the standout players during his first season. After just a year with the U-19 side, Nwokeabia Francis earned a promotion to the FK Spartak Ždrepčeva first team in 2024. He continued to impress, netting 12 goals in his debut season. His outstanding performances during the 2024/2025 campaign have now been rewarded with a contract extension that will see him remain at the Subotica City Stadium until 2028.",2025-01-26
Nigerian Wonderkid Gift Sunday Reveals Details About Surprise Loan Move to IK Start,"Fast-rising Nigerian youngster Gift Sunday has completed a loan move to Norwegian club IK Start from Norwegian Eliteserien side FK Bodø/Glimt on a season-long loan deal. The Nigerian winger, dubbed the “Nigerian Mbappé,” signed his first professional contract with FK Bodø/Glimt in 2024 after graduating from Nigeria-based P Sports Football Academy. At the academy, he played for the Under-19 team before earning a promotion to FK Bodø/Glimt’s senior squad. The 18-year-old winger, who was in a pre-season training camp with the FK Bodø/Glimt first team in Marbella, Spain, finalized his loan move to IK Start during the camp. Speaking exclusively to Kick Off Nigeria about the transfer, Gift revealed he was unaware of the plans for his loan move to IK Start until the club informed him while he was in pre-season training with FK Bodø/Glimt. “I wasn’t aware of the loan move as I was already training and had played a couple of friendly matches with the FK Bodø/Glimt team,” he said. “The club called me and asked me to return to the city of Bodø as they had already finalized the loan process.” “I’m excited about this. I’ve always wanted to enjoy first-team football, and this move will give me the playing time I need to continue my development.” “I’ve had my first training session with IK Start—a decent club with top players—and I look forward to what we can achieve together in the coming season.” The Nigerian winger is expected to return to FK Bodø/Glimt after the season, as the club has him in their long-term plans.",2025-01-21T15:29:31+00:00
Nigeria Eyes AFCON Glory: Super Eagles Prepare for Showdown Against Ivory Coast in Final Clash,"As the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations hurtles towards its climax, Nigeria and Ivory Coast gear up for what promises to be a thrilling final showdown on Sunday, February 11, at the Olympic Stadium of Ebimpé. Both teams have navigated through a rollercoaster tournament, and now they stand on the brink of glory.

Nigeria, touted as favorites by the Opta supercomputer, have displayed resilience and defensive prowess throughout the competition. With just two goals conceded in six matches, the Super Eagles have stamped their authority en route to the final. Led by head coach José Peseiro, Nigeria’s journey has been marked by standout performances from players like William Troost-Ekong and Ademola Lookman.

On the other side, Ivory Coast’s path to the final has been a dramatic tale of redemption. After a shaky start that saw them teetering on the edge of elimination, the host nation rallied under interim coach Emerse Faé to defy the odds. Their victory over DR Congo in the semi-finals epitomized their newfound determination and resilience.

The final showdown holds historical significance for both teams. Nigeria, with a rich AFCON pedigree, seeks to add to its trophy cabinet and join the elite ranks of the tournament’s most successful nations. Meanwhile, Ivory Coast aims to seize the opportunity to become the first host nation since 2006 to lift the coveted trophy.

The stage is set for a gripping encounter as these two footballing powerhouses collide. With pre-match simulations favoring Nigeria, Ivory Coast faces an uphill battle. However, as they’ve demonstrated throughout the tournament, the Elephants are not to be underestimated. According to 1xBet the odds for Nigeria to lift the trophy are 2,7.

As fans across the globe eagerly await kickoff, anticipation mounts for what promises to be a final filled with drama, passion, and the sheer unpredictability that makes football Africa’s greatest spectacle. Stay tuned as Nigeria and Ivory Coast vie for continental supremacy in the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations final.",2024-02-09
"Sevilla move will reignite Akor’s career,” says ex-Nigerian striker Agali",,2025-01-27
Nigerian Starlet Nwokeabia Francis Signs Contract Extension With FK Spartak Ždrepčeva Until 2028,,2025-01-26
Victor Osimhen Turns Down €70 Million Manchester United Offer,,2025-01-20
Fulham vs Manchester United Predictions and Betting Tips: Cottagers and Red Devils Clash for Crucial Points,,2025-01-24
Manchester City vs. Chelsea Predictions and Betting Tips: Cityzens Eye Return to EPL Top Four,,2025-01-23
Victor Boniface: Salary and Transfer Value Profile of the Rising Star,,
Tosin Adarabioyo’s Salary Boosts After Move to Chelsea,,
Is Chukwueze Worthy of the Salary He Receives at AC Milan?,,
Obafemi Martins’ Salary Secrets: How He Built a Fortune and What He’s Doing Now,,
Calvin Bassey’s Salary and Market Value Profile,,
Nigeria’s Super Eagles Favored to Fly High in AFCON 2023 Semifinal Clash Against South Africa,"As the African Cup of Nations (AFCON) 2023 nears its climax, all eyes are on the highly anticipated semi-final clash between Nigeria and South Africa. Set to unfold at the Stade de la Paix in Bouaké on February the 7th, this encounter is poised to be a thrilling battle between two footballing powerhouses.

Pre-match analysis paints Nigeria as the favorites to emerge victorious, with the Opta supercomputer assigning them a 52.2% chance of securing a win within 90 minutes and a solid 63.9% likelihood of advancing to the final. The Super Eagles boast a formidable track record against South Africa, having won all three previous encounters at the AFCON by a convincing aggregate score of 8-1.

However, South Africa is not to be underestimated, especially considering their impressive defensive display in the tournament thus far. Having kept four consecutive clean sheets, Bafana Bafana’s resilience could pose a significant challenge to Nigeria’s attacking prowess.

Key players to watch include Nigeria’s Ademola Lookman, who has been instrumental in his team’s journey with three goals, and Victor Osimhen, despite his underperformance relative to expected goals. Meanwhile, Themba Zwane stands out for South Africa, having contributed to 50% of their goals in the tournament.

In their head-to-head history, Nigeria has dominated with seven wins out of 12 encounters, including victories in all previous AFCON meetings. However, South Africa will be eager to turn the tide and avenge their previous defeats.

According 1xBet the odds for the victory of the Super Eagles are 1.63. Nonetheless, with both teams showcasing determination and resilience, the outcome of this semi-final clash remains uncertain until the final whistle blows.

Football enthusiasts around the world eagerly await the showdown between these two African giants, anticipating a spectacle of skill, passion, and drama as Nigeria and South Africa vie for a coveted spot in the AFCON 2023 final.",2024-02-06T11:10:28+00:00
Chelsea Set to Transfer Nigerian Midfielder Chukwuemeka in January; Ipswich Town Shows Interest,"Chelsea FC is reportedly prepared to sell or loan Austrian born English-Nigerian midfielder Carney Chukwuemeka during the upcoming January transfer window, as per Team Talk. The club aims to allocate funds for strengthening their central defense and is open to offers for the 20-year-old player. Ipswich Town, currently competing in the Premier League, has expressed interest in acquiring Chukwuemeka. Chukwuemeka, who joined Chelsea from Aston Villa’s academy, has found limited playing opportunities this season. He has made three appearances across all competitions, none in the Premier League, indicating he is not central to Chelsea’s current plans. This situation has led the club to consider facilitating his departure in the forthcoming transfer window. Initially, Chelsea valued Chukwuemeka at approximately around €46 million during the summer. However, they are now willing to accept a lower offer to expedite the transfer. This adjustment could benefit Ipswich Town, who are looking to enhance their squad to improve their standing in the league. Currently positioned 17th with eight points, Ipswich is just above the relegation zone and seeks to strengthen their midfield to boost their performance. According to Transfermarkt the player’s current value is estimated at €15 million. Ipswich previously signed Omari Hutchison from Chelsea in the summer and hopes to leverage this existing relationship to facilitate Chukwuemeka’s transfer. However, they may face competition from other clubs, including AC Milan, who have also shown interest in the young midfielder. Securing Chukwuemeka would provide Ipswich with a promising talent eager to make his mark in the Premier League, while Chelsea would gain additional resources to reinforce their defensive lineup.",2024-11-14
West Ham in Advanced Talks to Sign Nottingham Forest’s Taiwo Awoniyi: Nigerian “Monster” Targeted as Striker Solution,"West Ham United has initiated talks with Nottingham Forest to secure the signing of Nigerian striker Taiwo Awoniyi, Give Me Sport reports via Sky Sports reporter Florian Plettenberg. The London club is wasting no time in addressing their urgent need for a striker, and discussions between the two clubs are reportedly progressing. The Hammers are facing a striker crisis, with injuries to key players derailing their plans. Summer signing Niclas Füllkrug, who impressed at Borussia Dortmund and during EURO 2024, is sidelined until April with a hamstring injury. Adding to their woes, Michail Antonio was ruled out for the season following a car accident in December. These setbacks have left West Ham scrambling to reinforce their forward line as they aim to maintain their Premier League ambitions. In response, West Ham’s transfer chiefs have turned to Taiwo Awoniyi as their primary target. Talks are already underway with Nottingham Forest to bring the powerful forward to the London Stadium as an emergency solution. Awoniyi joined Nottingham Forest in 2022 and has since made 63 Premier League appearances, scoring 17 goals. While his early form at Forest was inconsistent, a late-season surge of six goals in four games during the 2022/23 campaign helped the team avoid relegation. This standout period cemented his reputation as a striker capable of delivering in crucial moments. Currently contracted with Forest until 2027, Awoniyi has found himself out of favor under manager Nuno Espirito Santo, with Chris Wood taking the starting striker role. This situation has opened the door for West Ham to step in and offer the Nigerian international a chance to return to regular first-team football. Known for his strength, speed, and aerial ability, Awoniyi has been described as a “monster” on the pitch, a quality that aligns perfectly with West Ham’s physical style of play. Manager Graham Potter is reportedly keen to integrate the 25-year-old into his attacking setup, where he could bring a dynamic presence either as a lone striker or in a supporting role. Negotiations are described as serious, with both clubs working towards an agreement that suits all parties. For Nottingham Forest, offloading Awoniyi could free up resources and playing time for other options in their squad. Meanwhile, West Ham is eager to finalize the deal quickly, ensuring Awoniyi is available for the critical second half of their Premier League campaign. With talks already underway, West Ham appears determined to secure Taiwo Awoniyi’s signature as they look to resolve their striker dilemma. If successful, the Nigerian forward could prove to be a transformative addition to Graham Potter’s squad, bringing much-needed firepower to their attack.",2025-01-16
Arsenal vs Aston Villa Prediction and Betting Tips: Can Arteta’s Arsenal Keep Their Title Hopes Alive?,"Arsenal aim to build on their London derby triumph over Tottenham Hotspur as they welcome Aston Villa to the Emirates Stadium on Saturday, January 18, 2025. Leandro Trossard’s decisive first-half goal secured the Gunners’ win, keeping their Premier League title aspirations on track. With the 18:30 WAT kickoff fast approaching, here’s a detailed preview, prediction, and betting tips for this exciting clash from Kick Off Nigeria editor Ayomide Oguntimehin.",2025-01-16T18:31:03+00:00
"Sevilla move will reignite Akor’s career,” says ex-Nigerian striker Agali","Akor Adams is expected to have a resurgence in his career following a move to Sevilla, according to former Nigerian striker Agali. The transfer is seen as a pivotal moment for Adams, who aims to make a significant impact in La Liga.",2025-01-27T00:00:00+00:00
Nigerian Starlet Nwokeabia Francis Signs Contract Extension With FK Spartak Ždrepčeva Until 2028,"Nwokeabia Francis has signed a contract extension with FK Spartak Ždrepčeva, committing his future to the club until 2028. This move highlights the club's confidence in the young talent's potential.",2025-01-26T00:00:00+00:00
Victor Osimhen Turns Down €70 Million Manchester United Offer,"Victor Osimhen has reportedly rejected a lucrative €70 million offer from Manchester United, opting to remain with Napoli as he focuses on his current season and future prospects with the club.",2025-01-20T00:00:00+00:00
Tottenham Hotspur Enters the Osimhen Race,"Tottenham Hotspur has thrown its hat into the ring in the race to secure the services of Napoli’s prolific Nigerian striker, Victor Osimhen according to Soccernet.NG. The North London club is gearing up to go head-to-head with Chelsea for the signature of the Super Eagles star, who seems destined to leave Napoli as contract talks once again could have hit an impasse. Osimhen’s current contract with Napoli runs until the summer of 2025, and with negotiations for an extension stalling, the 24-year-old faces the prospect of departing for free when his contract expires. This has prompted interest from top English clubs, with Chelsea, led by manager Mauricio Pochettino, expressing a keen desire to bolster their attacking options. However, Tottenham Hotspur, looking to fill the void left by Harry Kane’s departure to Bayern Munich last summer, is considering a move for Osimhen. But according to several reports, the North London side views Ivan Toney as a more immediate option, with a potential winter move on the cards for the Brentford striker. In the event that a winter move for Toney does not materialize, Tottenham will reportedly shift their focus to Osimhen. The stumbling block, however, lies in the financial aspect of the transfer. According to Transfermarkt the Nigerian’s current market value estimates at around €120 million. Napoli is reportedly unwilling to entertain offers below the €100 million mark, presenting a significant financial hurdle for Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy.",2023-11-23
Is Chukwueze Worthy of the Salary He Receives at AC Milan?,"The story of Samuel Chukwueze is somewhat remarkable: making a powerful impact with not the strongest La Liga team, he is already earning at the level of Africa’s most expensive footballer, Victor Osimhen, in his first season in Serie A. Kick Off Nigeria recalls the career path of the talented forward, his salary, and transfer value. According to his contract with AC Milan, Samuel Chukwueze earns just over €5 million. His transfer value, as per Transfermarkt’s estimate, is €25 million, while Africa’s most expensive footballer, Victor Osimhen of SSC Napoli, receives €5.5 million, and his transfer is valued at €120 million. Chukwueze’s journey began in 2017 when he joined Villarreal CF’s youth ranks from the local side Diamond Football Academy. His breakthrough came in April 2018 when he made his senior debut with the reserves. His first-team debut followed in September 2018, and from that point on, Chukwueze’s gaming career rapidly ascended. In a groundbreaking announcement in July 2023, AC Milan secured Chukwueze’s signature, offering him a contract valid until 2028. The deal brought a record-breaking salary, surpassing his earnings in Spain by almost five times. As Chukwueze embarks on this new chapter with AC Milan, questions arise about the appropriateness of his substantial salary. Comparisons are drawn to Victor Osimhen, Africa’s most expensive footballer, who receives €5.5 million at SSC Napoli, with a transfer value of €120 million. While no one doubts Chukwueze’s talent, the expectation is palpable. His salary now aligns with the best in Africa, bringing forth the anticipation of stellar performances for both AC Milan and the Nigerian national team. The question remains: Will Chukwueze meet the lofty expectations set by the club and the fans? Only time will unveil the answer to this intriguing football narrative.",2023-11-11
Christantus Uche’s Rise in La Liga: Salary and Transfer Interest,"In just two years, Nigerian midfielder Christantus Uche has made a stunning leap from amateur football to La Liga, capturing attention with his electrifying play and versatility. Following his impressive debut for Getafe CF, European giants are taking notice, and it’s likely that Nigeria’s senior national team will soon as well. Kick Off Nigeria looks into the player’s financial story.",2024-11-01
Nigerian Star Christantus Uche Attracts Interest from Top European Clubs,"Following a strong season with AD Ceuta FC, Uche’s market value skyrocketed eightfold. After joining Getafe CF, his transfer value surged twelvefold, now peaking at €5 million, making him the second-most-valuable player in the club.",2024-10-31
Victor Osimhen Turns Down €70 Million Manchester United Offer,"Victor Osimhen has reportedly turned down a lucrative offer from Manchester United, choosing to remain with Napoli amid ongoing transfer speculation.",2025-01-20
Victor Boniface: Salary and Transfer Value Profile of the Rising Star,"Victor Boniface has emerged as a rising star in European football, with his salary and transfer value reflecting his growing reputation.",2025-01-28
Tosin Adarabioyo’s Salary Boosts After Move to Chelsea,"Tosin Adarabioyo has seen a significant salary increase following his recent transfer to Chelsea, marking a new chapter in his career.",2025-01-28
Is Chukwueze Worthy of the Salary He Receives at AC Milan?,"A discussion on whether Samuel Chukwueze's performance at AC Milan justifies his current salary, considering his contributions to the team.",2025-01-28
Obafemi Martins’ Salary Secrets: How He Built a Fortune and What He’s Doing Now,"An exploration of Obafemi Martins' financial journey, detailing how he accumulated his wealth and his current endeavors.",2025-01-28
Calvin Bassey’s Salary and Market Value Profile,"Calvin Bassey’s salary and market value are analyzed, showcasing his rise in the football world and the financial implications of his performances.",2025-01-28
Premier League Clubs in Hot Pursuit of Leicester’s Wilfred Ndidi,"Premier League clubs such as Tottenham Hotspur, Newcastle United, Aston Villa, Brighton & Hove Albion, and Wolverhampton Wanderers have all expressed interest in Leicester City’s Nigerian midfielder Wilfred Ndidi, according to allnigeriasoccer.com. As the 27-year-old midfielder nears the end of his contract with Leicester City, speculation about his future has intensified, with no indication of a contract extension at the King Power Stadium. This situation has alerted several clubs, who are keen to secure Ndidi’s services on a free transfer after his current deal expires this summer. Currently valued at €16 million, Ndidi could leave the Foxes as a free agent, potentially opening up the opportunity for a higher salary. Presently, the Nigerian midfielder earns approximately €4.6 million annually. Having made 192 Premier League appearances for Leicester City, contributing to 17 goals, Ndidi is celebrated for his vast experience and consistency in England’s top division. His potential exit would be a considerable loss for Leicester City, particularly as the club aims for an immediate return to the Premier League following their relegation.",2024-04-09
Chelsea Warned Against Signing Victor Osimhen,"Former Chelsea midfielder Emmanuel Petit has strongly advised the club against signing Victor Osimhen or Victor Gyokeres this summer, arguing that the focus should instead be on nurturing talents like Nicolas Jackson. It was rumoured that Chelsea is in tough pursuit of Osimhen’s services, alongside the French giants PSG. While the current value of the Nigerian striker is estimated at approximately €100 million, he is also one of the highest-paid strikers in Serie A at the moment. Petit criticized the management under owner Todd Boehly for decisions that he believes could destabilize the team. He suggests that prioritizing internal growth could be key to their future success. Petit emphasized the importance of developing the squad’s potential. He pointed out Jackson, who joined Chelsea for approximately €35 million and has scored 12 goals this season, as a player who could excel with enhanced confidence and team cohesion. The ex-France international also expressed concern over rumors of Conor Gallagher’s potential move to Tottenham, viewing it as indicative of broader management failures under Boehly, whom he accused of “running the club into the ground.”",2024-04-13
Napoli Await First Move in Osimhen Transfer Saga,"Napoli’s summer transfer activities are currently centred around the potential sale of Nigerian striker Victor Osimhen, La Gazzetta dello Sport reports. The prolific forward has a release clause set at approximately €120 million, with clubs such as Arsenal and several from Saudi Arabia reportedly interested in securing his services. However, as of now, no official offers have been made. Osimhen, who has been a key player for Napoli, dreams of playing in the Premier League, with Chelsea once considered a favourite due to his admiration for Didier Drogba. However, the London club appears to have withdrawn their interest, focusing instead on different attacking options. Meanwhile, Napoli is already scouting potential replacements. Among the top candidates are Romelu Lukaku and Artem Dovbyk from Girona, with both strikers fitting the profile desired by Antonio Conte – a strong, technically proficient centre forward capable of linking play with teammates like Raspadori, Politano, and Kvaratskhelia. Despite the anticipation, uncertainties remain. Osimhen has faced several physical issues this season, which might deter potential suitors from meeting his hefty release clause. As the transfer window progresses, all eyes are on Napoli and their star striker, with the club eager to resolve the situation and proceed with their summer plans.",2024-06-03
"PSG Must Break the Bank for Lookman, Warns Nigerian Legend","Nigerian football icon Segun Odegbami has exclusively shared with Kick Off Nigeria his perspective on the potential transfer of Atalanta’s star forward Ademola Lookman to Paris Saint-Germain (PSG). With PSG’s interest heating up as the January window approaches, Odegbami insists that Lookman’s current form and reputation justify a massive transfer fee. According to Transfermarkt the player’s current value is estimated at €40 million. Odegbami emphasized that PSG could provide the ideal environment for Lookman to solidify his place among Europe’s elite. If the French giants are serious, they must be ready to invest heavily to secure this rising star.",2024-11-08
Chelsea Accelerates Pursuit of Victor Osimhen Amid Competition from PSG,"Chelsea Football Club is ramping up efforts to secure the signature of Victor Osimhen, making him their primary target to bolster their attacking lineup and preempt competition from Paris Saint-Germain, as per The Sun. The London-based club is prepared to activate Osimhen’s release clause, set at a staggering €130 million, and intends to initiate discussions with Napoli soon to negotiate the payment terms. According to transfer insider Rudy Galetti, Chelsea is committed to meeting the striker’s hefty price tag of €130 million and aims to expedite the process to fend off interest from PSG. The French club is actively seeking a replacement for Kylian Mbappe, who is expected to depart in June, prompting them to eye Osimhen. In an effort to finalize the deal swiftly, representatives from the Premier League side will soon convene with Napoli officials to hash out the payment structure. Despite Osimhen recently signing a lucrative contract extension with Napoli, tying him to the Diego Armando Maradona Stadium until 2026, Chelsea remains determined in their pursuit. Despite facing setbacks earlier this season due to a hamstring injury, the Nigerian international has continued to shine in Naples. With eight goals and three assists in 18 appearances this campaign, Osimhen has demonstrated his prowess and potential, making him an enticing prospect for Chelsea as they seek to bolster their attacking options.",2024-02-18
Paul Onuachu Shines in Turkey: What is the Nigerian’s Salary?,"Failing to secure a spot at Southampton F.C. and experiencing relegation with the team to the Championship, Paul Onuachu found his form on loan in the Turkish league, emerging as Trabzonspor’s top scorer. The critical questions now are whether the team will qualify for European competitions by the season’s end and if they will sign a long-term contract with the Nigerian forward. Kick Off Nigeria looks into the player’s finances.",2023-12-17
Southampton vs Newcastle Predictions and Betting Tips: Juric’s Troops Eye First Victory in 12 Matches,Southampton is looking to secure their first victory in 12 matches as they face Newcastle. This match is crucial for both teams as they aim to improve their standings in the league.,2025-01-22
Paul Onuachu to Beşiktaş? Nigerian Striker Linked with Big January Transfer,Paul Onuachu is reportedly linked with a big transfer to Beşiktaş as the January transfer window opens. His impressive performance in Turkey has caught the attention of several clubs.,2024-12-25
Victor Osimhen Turns Down €70 Million Manchester United Offer,"Victor Osimhen has turned down a lucrative offer from Manchester United worth €70 million, opting to stay with Napoli for the time being.",2025-01-20
Victor Boniface: Salary and Transfer Value Profile of the Rising Star,Victor Boniface has been making waves in the football world with his impressive performances and rising market value. This article explores his salary and transfer value.,2023-11-20
Tosin Adarabioyo’s Salary Boosts After Move to Chelsea,"Tosin Adarabioyo has seen a significant salary boost following his recent move to Chelsea, reflecting the club's investment in his potential.",2023-11-15
Is Chukwueze Worthy of the Salary He Receives at AC Milan?,This article discusses whether Samuel Chukwueze's salary at AC Milan is justified based on his performances and contributions to the team.,2023-11-10
Obafemi Martins’ Salary Secrets: How He Built a Fortune and What He’s Doing Now,"Obafemi Martins shares insights into his financial journey, revealing how he built his fortune and what he is currently involved in.",2023-11-05
Calvin Bassey’s Salary and Market Value Profile,"Calvin Bassey’s salary and market value are analyzed in this article, showcasing his growth as a player in the football industry.",2023-11-01
Juventus Eyeing Ademola Lookman for Summer Transfer Window,"The Italian Giants are reportedly considering Nigerian forward Ademola Lookman as a potential summer signing to strengthen their attack, bianconeranews.it reports. According to Sportitalia.com journalist Gianluigi Longari, the Italian giants are preparing for major moves in the transfer market, especially if Dušan Vlahović leaves at the end of the season due to unresolved contract negotiations. While Napoli’s Victor Osimhen is also on their radar, his transfer appears highly unlikely. This has shifted Juventus’ focus to Lookman, who has been in excellent form for Atalanta. However, securing the Nigerian international won’t be easy. Atalanta’s rising status in Serie A and their reputation for demanding high fees could complicate negotiations, especially if Lookman continues his impressive performances. “Dreaming doesn’t cost anything,” Longari said, hinting at the challenges of such a deal. For Juventus, Lookman represents an exciting option as they look to reshape their squad for the future. Whether the move materializes depends on both the player’s form and Juventus’ ability to meet Atalanta’s demands. According to Transfermarkt the player’s current value is estimated at €40 million.",2024-12-08
Napoli Secures Victor Osimhen’s Future with Contract Extension,"In a move that reinforces their commitment to their star striker, Napoli, the reigning Serie A champions, unveiled a significant announcement on Saturday regarding Nigerian international forward Victor Osimhen. The club via their social media platforms have officially confirmed that Osimhen has inked a contract extension, binding him to Napoli until 2026. The announcement was made through Napoli’s various social media platforms, providing fans with an exciting visual representation of the momentous occasion. A picture capturing Osimhen putting pen to paper on the new deal, alongside club owner Aurelio De Laurentiis, was shared with the caption, “Victor and Napoli together until 2026.” This proclamation not only celebrates the Nigerian forward’s continued association with the club but also solidifies Napoli’s commitment to retaining a player who has become a linchpin in their attacking lineup. Osimhen’s prowess in front of goal has been instrumental in Napoli’s recent successes, and this contract extension marks a strategic move by the club to secure his services for the foreseeable future. The announcement is sure to be welcomed by Napoli supporters, who can now look forward to witnessing Osimhen’s continued contributions on the pitch as the club strives for further triumphs in domestic and international competitions. Earlier, it was reported that several top clubs are eyeing the Nigerian superstar, who is reportedly the highest-paid African player in the world. There is a clause in the new agreement between him and the club that allows him to be released to non-Italian clubs no earlier than summer 2024 for a fee of €120 million. According to Transfermarkt, his estimated market value is now €110 million. It seems that the new deal will guarantee Napoli the striker’s services only until next summer.",2023-12-23
Napoli Considering Retaining Osimhen Amid Transfer Speculations,"The future of the Super Eagles striker remains uncertain as the club contemplates keeping the prolific forward amid challenges in finding a suitable replacement, as per Italian transfer market insider Vincenzo Morabito. Victor Osimhen, Napoli’s forward, has repeatedly expressed his desire to leave the Campania club. The striker is linked to, among others, clubs in the Premier League and Saudi Arabia. Watch out for PSG, who have never denied their interest in the former Lille player. However, at the moment, no convincing offers have been received by Aurelio De Laurentiis. The president does not accept proposals below the €120-130 million provided for in the player’s contract clause. Football market insider Vincenzo Morabito made some statements during Microfono Aperto, a program broadcast on Radio Sportiva: ""It is not certain that Osimhen will leave Napoli. Furthermore, the Azzurri club has not found adequate replacements. Romelu Lukaku cannot be a replacement, even for age reasons. This is why Napoli is considering making a decision that, if confirmed, would be sensational: keeping Victor Osimhen. We will see how the market evolves.""",2024-06-12
Trabzonspor Pushes for Deal to Sign Southampton Striker Onuachu,"The Turkish club is making efforts to secure Southampton’s Nigerian striker, Paul Onuachu, for the upcoming 2024-2025 season, offering a new deal to Southhamton, as per Fanatik. Onuachu, who had an impressive loan stint at Trabzonspor last season, recorded seventeen goals and four assists in 25 appearances across all competitions, with twenty-two starts. The Turkish Super Lig club is eager to keep Onuachu for another season but is facing difficulties meeting the €15 million valuation set by Southampton. Trabzonspor is exploring the possibility of another loan deal as a permanent transfer appears financially challenging. Additionally, there is a consideration to include a mandatory purchase option in the loan agreement. To make the offer more appealing, Trabzonspor has proposed sending two players to Göztepe, a club in which Sport Republic holds a 70% stake. The investment company is also in full control over Southamton. Last September, Trabzonspor paid €1,5 million to secure Onuachu on a season-long loan from Southampton. The forward, who began his career at FC Ebedei, is under contract with the Premier League newcomers until June 30, 2026.",2024-06-13
Atalanta Reject Liverpool's January Approach for Ademola Lookman,"The Bergamasques have reportedly dismissed Liverpool’s interest in Nigerian forward Ademola Lookman, signaling their intent to retain their star players during the January transfer window, Football Italia reports via Tuttosport. According to the Italian media outlet, the Serie A leaders have already turned down a request from the Premier League giants to negotiate for the 27-year-old attacker. Lookman, crowned Best African Player of 2024, has been instrumental in Atalanta’s outstanding season, netting 11 goals and delivering five assists in 19 appearances across all competitions. The Nerazzurri have also been dominant in Serie A, riding a 10-game winning streak to top the league table. Lookman’s impact extends beyond this season—last year, he scored a memorable hat-trick in the Europa League Final against Bayer Leverkusen, securing Atalanta’s first-ever European trophy. Despite interest from PSG last summer, Lookman chose to remain with Atalanta, where his current deal runs until 2026. Liverpool’s inquiry is the latest in a string of attempts from elite clubs to pry away Atalanta’s top talent, with Manchester City also showing interest in goalkeeper Ederson. However, Atalanta are determined to keep their core squad intact at least until the summer. With Lookman’s impressive form and Atalanta’s sights set on maintaining their position at the top of Serie A, the Bergamo side appears resolute in their ambition to retain their star players and chase further success this season.",2024-12-21
Victor Osimhen Turns Down €70 Million Manchester United Offer,"Victor Osimhen has reportedly rejected a €70 million offer from Manchester United, opting to stay with Napoli as he focuses on his current season and future prospects.",2025-01-20
Nantes vs Saint-Étienne: Match Preview and Prediction,"Nantes will face Saint-Étienne in an upcoming match, with both teams looking to secure crucial points in their league campaign. The preview discusses team form and key players to watch.",2024-09-27
Strasbourg vs. Nantes: Prediction and Betting Tips,"On October 27, 2024, Strasbourg will host Nantes at Stade de la Meinau in what promises to be an interesting clash in Ligue 1. The article provides insights into team form, key players, and betting tips for the match.",2024-10-25
Lyon Sets Sights on Moses Simon in Bid for January Transfer Boost,Lyon is reportedly interested in signing Moses Simon from Nantes as they look to strengthen their squad during the January transfer window.,2023-12-12
Victor Boniface: Salary and Transfer Value Profile of the Rising Star,"This article explores the salary and transfer value of Victor Boniface, highlighting his rise in the football world and potential future moves.",2023-11-20
Tosin Adarabioyo’s Salary Boosts After Move to Chelsea,"Tosin Adarabioyo has seen a significant increase in his salary following his transfer to Chelsea, reflecting his new role in the team.",2023-11-15
Is Chukwueze Worthy of the Salary He Receives at AC Milan?,"The article discusses whether Samuel Chukwueze's performance at AC Milan justifies his current salary, considering his contributions to the team.",2023-11-10
Obafemi Martins’ Salary Secrets: How He Built a Fortune and What He’s Doing Now,"This piece delves into the financial journey of Obafemi Martins, examining how he accumulated wealth during his career and his current endeavors.",2023-11-05
Calvin Bassey’s Salary and Market Value Profile,"An analysis of Calvin Bassey's salary and market value, detailing his performance and potential in the football market.",2023-11-01
AFCON Qualifiers: Nigeria vs Libya Prediction and Betting Tips,"The Super Eagles will take on Libya in the third round of the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualification campaign. The match is scheduled for October 11, 2024, at 17:00 local time and will take place at Godswill Akpabio International Stadium. Given Nigeria’s current form, they are heavily favoured to claim all three points. Nigeria has a flawless record against Libya in their last five encounters, consistently coming out on top. Libya has not managed a win against Nigeria in the past seven years, and their recent form continues to highlight their defensive frailties. Despite a 2-1 victory over Mauritius in their previous outing, Libya’s defense has remained leaky, with the team conceding in each of their last seven matches. On the other hand, Nigeria remains unbeaten in their AFCON qualification campaign and has showcased their defensive solidity, keeping clean sheets in their last two qualifiers. The Super Eagles also boast one of the strongest attacks in the competition, spearheaded by key players like Victor Osimhen and Kelechi Iheanacho. This combination of attacking prowess and defensive strength makes Nigeria the clear favourite. One of the standout players for Nigeria is Napoli forward Victor Osimhen. Known for his exceptional pace, physical presence, and clinical finishing, Osimhen has been a key figure for Nigeria in recent years. He comes into this match in fine form, having consistently found the back of the net in both club and international competitions. Considering Nigeria’s dominance in head-to-head encounters, superior squad quality, and form in the qualifiers, it is highly likely they will secure a victory. Libya’s inconsistent performances, particularly their defensive shortcomings, suggest that they will struggle to handle Nigeria’s attacking power. Recent matches between these two sides have seen plenty of goals, with Nigeria winning 4-0 and 3-2 in their last two meetings. Nigeria’s attacking threat remains potent, as highlighted by their 3-0 victory over Benin. Libya’s ongoing defensive issues suggest that they will likely concede multiple goals again. As such, betting on over 2.5 goals in this encounter appears to be a solid option.",2024-10-09
West Brom Semi Ajayi: Salary and Prospects of the Key Defender,"In the quest for a potential Premier League promotion West Bromwich Albion F.C. finds support in defender Semi Ajayi, who is attempting to reclaim his starting spot after recovering from injury. Kick Off Nigeria takes a dive into financial part of the story.

What is Semi Ajayi’s Salary at West Bromwich Albion F.C.? Nigeria’s national team defender joined the English team in the summer of 2019. After two impressive seasons, during which the Nigerian helped the club secure promotion to the Premier League and subsequently faced relegation, Ajayi extended his agreement with West Bromwich Albion F.C. The new contract runs until June 30, 2025. Over the remaining two years, the Nigerian footballer will earn €2,004,336, excluding bonuses. In the 2023/2024 season, the defender will receive €1,002,168, equivalent to €19,272 per week.

Team Overview: Semi Ajayi – The Lowest-Paid African Player at West Bromwich Albion F.C. In the 2023/2024 season, West Bromwich Albion F.C.’s total wage expenditure amounts to €26,872,080, or €516,771 per week. The highest-paid player on the team is winger Adam Reach, earning €2,423,848 per year, or €46,612 per week. Semi Ajayi ranks 16th in the club’s salary hierarchy, also being the eighth-highest among foreign players in West Bromwich Albion F.C. Additionally, the defender holds the fourth position among African players on the team, marking the lowest salary among them.

Career Salary Comparison During the first half of Ajayi’s career, his salary did not exceed €200,000. The defender’s lowest earnings were during loan spells with Cardiff City F.C. and Rotherham United F.C. However, after signing a contract with the latter, his salary increased by more than one and a half times. A more than five-fold salary increase occurred after joining West Bromwich Albion F.C. Over five years with the English club, Ajayi’s earnings only decreased in the 2020/2021 season spent in the Premier League. Nevertheless, after relegation to the Championship, his salary returned to its previous level. However, at West Bromwich Albion F.C., the Nigerian receives the highest salary of his career.

Market Value: Nigerian Drops Out of Top Ten Most Expensive Players at English Club Ajayi’s transfer value surpassed €1 million in the summer of 2019 before his move to West Bromwich Albion F.C. Its peak occurred two years later in 2021 when Ajayi played his second Premier League season, participating in 33 games and scoring two goals. However, after the team’s relegation to the Championship, the Nigerian’s value consistently decreased, falling by 2.5 times over two years. Currently, Transfermarkt.com estimates the defender’s transfer value at €2.5 million. Consequently, Ajayi dropped to 11th place in terms of value among players at the English club.

National Team Achievements Semi Ajayi made his debut for the Nigerian national team in 2018. Although he missed the first major tournament, the defender was included in the squad for the 2022 African Cup of Nations. With the national team, Ajayi reached the tournament’s round of 16, losing to Tunisia with a minimal score. The Nigerian played only one full match in the group stage against Guinea-Bissau. However, six months later, Ajayi began receiving more playing time, scoring his first goal for the national team against Lesotho in the 2026 World Cup qualifiers in November 2023.

Football and Salary Prospects Semi Ajayi started the 2023/2024 season in the starting lineup. However, in mid-October, the defender suffered an ankle injury and, even after recovering, receives less playing time. Nevertheless, the Nigerian managed to score two goals and provide an assist. Ajayi’s return to the starting XI will not only aid West Bromwich Albion F.C. in the battle for a direct Premier League spot but will also increase the chances of a contract renewal with a potential salary increase.",2023-12-16
What is the Nottingham Forest’s Rising Star Taiwo Awoniyi’s Salary?,"In the previous season, Nottingham Forest secured their place in the Premier League, with Taiwo Awoniyi playing a pivotal role. While the Nigerian star is recovering from a serious injury, The Kick Off Nigeria explores the details of Awoniyi’s salary, his contribution to the team’s success, and his trajectory in the football world. Is he worth the money?",2023-12-07
West Ham in Advanced Talks to Sign Nottingham Forest’s Taiwo Awoniyi: Nigerian “Monster” Targeted as Striker Solution,"West Ham United is reportedly in advanced negotiations to secure the services of Nottingham Forest striker Taiwo Awoniyi, who has been described as a 'monster' in the attacking role. The move comes as West Ham seeks to bolster their squad with a powerful forward.",2025-01-16
"Nottingham Forest’s Taiwo Awoniyi Linked to West Ham, Exit Hinges on Replacement Signing",Taiwo Awoniyi's potential exit from Nottingham Forest is being discussed as West Ham looks to finalize a deal. The transfer is contingent on Nottingham Forest finding a suitable replacement for the Nigerian striker.,2025-01-14
Ahmed Musa’s Stunning Salary Drop: From Millions to Modest Earnings,"The legendary Nigerian player Ahmed Musa has returned to Kano Pillars F.C., where he currently earns approximately €3,000 per month. However, it’s clear that his motivation to play in the Nigerian Professional Football League isn’t financial. Instead, Musa is focused on relaunching his career and regaining his best form, with hopes of securing another move to Europe. The Kick Off Nigeria looks into the player’s financial story.",2024-12-02
"Ahmed Musa Rejoins Kano Pillars, Aiming to Revitalize NPFL Team",Ahmed Musa has rejoined Kano Pillars F.C. with the aim of revitalizing the Nigerian Professional Football League team. His return is seen as a significant boost for the club as they look to improve their performance in the league.,2024-10-04
Victor Osimhen Turns Down €70 Million Manchester United Offer,"Victor Osimhen has reportedly turned down a lucrative offer from Manchester United worth €70 million, opting to stay with Napoli for the time being. This decision has sparked discussions about his future and potential moves in the upcoming transfer window.",2025-01-20
Fulham vs Manchester United Predictions and Betting Tips: Cottagers and Red Devils Clash for Crucial Points,"As Fulham prepares to face Manchester United, predictions and betting tips are being discussed among fans and analysts. This match is crucial for both teams as they vie for important points in the league.",2025-01-24
Manchester City vs. Chelsea Predictions and Betting Tips: Cityzens Eye Return to EPL Top Four,"Manchester City is set to clash with Chelsea in a highly anticipated match, with predictions and betting tips highlighting the importance of this game for both teams' aspirations in the Premier League.",2025-01-23
Osimhen’s Salary Soars to 10 Million Euros After Extension With Napoli,"In a groundbreaking move, Napoli’s star forward Victor Osimhen has committed his future to the Serie A champions, signing a contract extension that will not only keep him at the club until 2026, but double what he makes per season, according to Associated Press. The announcement was made on Saturday by Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis, who shared images of the momentous occasion, capturing Osimhen’s signature, handshakes, and smiles. The official social media accounts of the club swiftly followed suit, confirming the extension with the caption, “Victor & Napoli together until 2026.” One of the most striking aspects of this agreement is the substantial increase in Osimhen’s salary. Italian media reports indicate that the star striker’s earnings have more than doubled, now standing at an impressive 10 million euros per season. This significant salary boost reflects not only Osimhen’s on-field prowess but also Napoli’s commitment to rewarding and retaining top talent. The contract extension comes as a testament to Osimhen’s exceptional contributions to Napoli, notably as he clinched the title of African Player of the Year. With his existing contract set to conclude in 2025, the Nigerian forward’s commitment to Napoli has been solidified for an additional year, emphasizing the club’s desire to retain their prized asset. In addition to the renewed contract and enhanced salary, a release clause has been incorporated into the agreement, estimated to be between 120 million and 130 million euros. This further underscores Napoli’s strategic approach to protecting their investment in Osimhen, should potential suitors come knocking in the future. Victor Osimhen, who is set to turn 25 next week, joined Napoli in 2020 from Lille for a transfer fee of approximately 75 million euros. Since then, he has rapidly ascended to become one of the most exciting strikers globally. His remarkable performance last season played a pivotal role in Napoli’s Serie A triumph, with Osimhen notching an impressive 26 goals, making him the first African player to secure the Italian league’s top goalscorer accolade. Despite a somewhat tumultuous start to the current season under new coach Rudi Garcia, Osimhen’s commitment to Napoli is now unquestionable. Reports earlier in the season had hinted at a potential departure, especially when the striker deleted most of his images in the team’s shirt from his social media accounts after the club posted a video that rubbed him the wrong way. With this contract extension, Napoli not only secures the services of a prolific goalscorer but also sends a strong signal about its ambitions and commitment to building a formidable team for the future. The Napoli faithful can now look forward to witnessing more breathtaking moments from Victor Osimhen on the pitch as he continues to don the iconic blue shirt until 2026.",2023-12-24
Juventus Joins Chelsea in Battle for Nigerian Star Victor Osimhen,"The Italian giants have entered the race to sign Nigerian striker Victor Osimhen, adding to the competition from Chelsea and Galatasaray. Renowned journalist Fabrizio Romano revealed that the Italian club has approached Napoli to explore a deal for the forward, who is currently on loan at Galatasaray. Osimhen, 25, joined the Turkish side after a turbulent summer in which moves to Chelsea and Saudi Arabia fell through. His relationship with Napoli soured last season following a social media scandal and a lack of playing opportunities under manager Antonio Conte. He eventually opted for a loan move to Galatasaray, where he has started strongly, scoring eight goals in 10 games. Juventus sees Osimhen as a potential replacement for Dusan Vlahovic, whose future remains uncertain due to stalled contract negotiations. However, signing Osimhen will be challenging due to Napoli’s €60-70 million asking price and the rivalry between the two clubs. Chelsea, undeterred by their failed attempt to sign him earlier, is reportedly preparing a fresh bid in 2025. Meanwhile, Galatasaray would like to keep the striker but cannot afford Napoli’s valuation. With his performances continuing to impress, Osimhen is expected to remain one of Europe’s most sought-after players in the coming months.",2024-11-26
